Why are we doing this, right? First of all, we want to share with you why do we want to actually start this community. So first of all, we think that AI is really running at a light speed. Yeah, so myself, I'm a venture capitalist. We look at crypto, AI, and fintech. But then, as a side, I have a KOL side gig. But when I started to execute each other updated, and at the end of the session, we actually have a database that we already created. So there are a lot of social tools that we initial research about that we think it's good. So everyone can contribute to the database together. So that's the first thing. And actually, the head of defined AI has said that AGI moment is really close to us. This demand was made in May 2025. So previously, he was thinking AGI moment is like five to 10 years in the future. But now it's actually moving faster than we ever thought. we feel that once that happens, he mentioned that all bets are off. What does that mean? It's that all the assumption and logic of our existing world, the business logic, will all change. A lot of business, there will be a lot of new things coming up. So secure ones that the AI development technology has way outpaced AI application development. So within there's a huge gap. And the gap means that there are new market demand to be created, new market share to capture, there are investment pieces, and also business ideas to be built. So we feel like we want to create a safe space to discuss critical topics and to bridge the gap. And we also feel like among the crowd, there are actually brilliant minds. We have AI company founders, AI architecture engineers, we have investors, and also students in terms and also like students and interns, like we come together, we feel this is the space where brilliant ideas can come out of it, yeah. So to visualize how fast AI has already been there, this is like a few AI agent demand has created throughout the years. And I want to highlight one thing, alpha-flow DB. So in a normal sense, when human beings are studying protein structures, usually takes about three to five years. And the result is not guaranteed in my field. But then with Alpha for publishing in 2021, they just released 200 million protein structures in one go. So if we do it as a community, we would never achieve that amount of velocity. So AI is really running at a speed that we cannot imagine. And Hasit actually mentioned that in the future, there will be all diseases might be cured. And the cost of production might go near to zero. So what happens to them, right? So the set up is basically we are not a profit organization. We have no sponsorship. There will be no panel, no speakers. And there are no down questions to be asked. And we want to keep it open and discussion-based. And there's only facilitators. This is actually the first time that we are doing this. for this session, we will have a little bit of sharing throughout our research. We will share a bit of social networking related AI product to kick-start the discussion. But before that, we want to have a quick introduction of each other. Basically, two questions. Your name, what do you do now? Why are you here? And one interesting fact about yourself. Anyone can start first. Hi guys, my name is Gordon. I'm a software engineer at this company called Bitdeer. Bitdeer is a cryptocurrency mining company and we are moving to an AI data center. Why am I here? Because I'm interested in AI and I have two like-minded people here that I want to build a community with. What's one interesting fact about me? Before I was a software engineer, was in two defense companies, DSD and DSO. So I was a researcher doing radars and computer vision. My name is Elmore. What do I do now? I'm in the cybersecurity industry. So I'm a multiple head. If you see me as a full-time cybersecurity industry, if you see me on the side hustling I'm actually a holistic IT, so that's where I will help clients to cover the whole entire IT for the SME. And then I will also hustle on the side for startups also. Why am I here? To build a community and also focusing on what is the direction of moving forward, which is how the AI will innovate, hopefully not really change, but innovate how we live our life. interesting thing about myself is I studied in the US, worked in the US, came back here so pretty much whatever we talk about the Sinco Valley, we talk about the heart of the valley which is all the tech company I was there so built up quite a wide range of connections there. Came back to Singapore because family but try to stretch connection between the Asian market and also the American country or so on. So that's where I am. So my name is Fong Ke Lin. We are going to be here and work with them. Right now I'm a marketing manager of a financial service company. While I'm here, I just want to meet new people. I'm interested in math probably. Welcome, welcome. Welcome, yeah. Thank you. My name is Paak Iban. I'm the CEO of a company called AAO. It's a global startup, actually. We are very focused in the drone industry. Drone and the artificial industry together. You may be heard about the Bollywood movies. Most of the 50% of the Bollywood movies, aerial shots, is done by us. Basically, this drone will replace what we think. The drone will replace the big, big cameras So, we have to be in the drone industry that is what we plan, but in the drone industry we have we have few medicals we call it as for inspections, inspections of the assets, inspections of the road highways and inspection of the construction projects and inspection of facade living. All these because I am a civil engineer myself. So, I started with that actually. Then this additional thing asset management, security, all these actually come additionally and the forest, forest surveillance. many tigers you have how many this thing have night visions all these things is included in the road now. In Singapore actually it is an ecosystem is very very less actually because there is a lot of security places here. So, you cannot find the road many places. So, our last week I was in China China, they have 800 companies in one expo itself they came. Actually, only 10 percent of the people will come to the expo. That means, 8000 companies are there in the ecosystem. The ecosystem is quite big. They are serving the world requirement. They are not serving the local requirement only. They are serving the world requirement. Hi, I'm Cassandra. So I'm currently working in a financial industry and I'm here because I'm just curious about AI. I don't really have a lot of knowledge on it. One interesting fact about me, I've always been very into entrepreneurship and I've had my own small experience running my own business. But it's just a solo, no team or anything. Because it's not that big. That's me. Thank you. You're welcome. Hello, I'm Yi Hui. I'm a colleague of Cassandra. So I'm here because I'm invited Okay, very interesting. I assume I'm here for like earning the $1,000. Oh, thank you. Okay, I'll be charged, okay. Jessica, do you want to? Hello everyone, I'm Jessica and I'm a software engineer. I also have my own company to do the VR in the medical imaging processing. My name is Johan. I'm studying in Canada. I'm here for one month studying at NTU and studying entrepreneurship. Thank you for signing on to the show. And I'm here to learn more about the app. And one interesting thing about me is that I just don't read. Like today, this is weird. We have burgers. So now we have food. Thank you. All right. Hello, everybody. I'm Yuan's friend. I'm a full-time student here at NUS, but I'm interning at Single Player Airlines at the moment. And I guess a fun fact about me is, I mean, just like you guys, I've been hearing a lot of different stuff. I'm a man of multiple minds myself. I'm involved in things that seem to be completely mutually exclusive. I've been involved in a startup that involves bees and hacker tech. And I'm also involved in data analysis, and now I'm trying to get into the AI space. So things that are completely unrelated, but I like to think that they're related because I'm inspired by biology and stuff like neural nets. Like, at the end of the day, they're inspired by biology, right? So I like to draw inspiration from the nature and then see how we can extrapolate that in technology. So that's me. That's fantastic. Thank you. Hi, my name is Poo. Just call me Poo. What do I do? So I do consultancy. So my full-time job is doing consultancy. AI is my side project. And while I'm here, I try to see what's the Poo industry doing. And maybe the way I'm trying to do it now, actually, halfway, Trying to now say how it is to do a digital twin with the second brain. So more like it's for beside yourself, I'm kind of senior. So you want your great-grandchildren or something to know you, right? So we try to duplicate ourselves with some intelligence that's smart, the second brain type, so that they know they can talk to you. And for example, like social, find you like a... digital ancestor. Very cool, very cool. So one interesting fact about me, I don't know how to code. So the only thing I do is no code, but code. Wow, but code. Yeah, basically. Do a bit of white code, but mainly no code. Ah, OK, great, great. Hi, everyone. My name is Harmin Deng, and I'm a student, a computer science student at SIU. come through science student at SIU. Why am I here? I just here to talk to you people for networking. Nice. We don't network. We only talk about serious topics. It's OK. It's OK. One interesting thing about me is I think when I'm from Uzbekistan, there's not many people who are in love. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Hi, I'm Eugene here. So, on PayPal, I run an SEO agency. Basically, I write websites on Patreon. So, I don't really change leads because I just write my new websites and I do clients monthly. So, my clients are... you all can go into... Bybee is my client. Oh, Bybee. Oh, okay, okay. So, I have some clients with a crypto space, crypto exchange. also have, in Singapore, most of my clients are in the medical space. People who are doctors, people who are healthcare professionals. So I don't chase these people as doctors. I'm actually here to look for a lot of partnerships. So because, like, whether you're selling a medical product or whether you're selling an AR product, I'm sure that there's a lot of people that agree. And then, one interesting thing about me is I have access already thinking about me is, I have access to the red team, which is opposite of you. I'm gonna say, okay, I'm just gonna say right now, okay, I have access to the red team. So basically what I do is, I help people who get scammed, people who got hacked, people who got punished or whatever. Because a lot of times, you go to the police, you go to a law firm, nothing's gonna happen. Because they can't do anything about it. But what if I tell you that, if this girl can't help you, I can't help her to actually help you. Because I have a team in the middle place who can fight by the fire. So because a lot of times, like, if you want to go scammer, you need a place with known history and relations. And if I were to do it myself, that's the other issue. So my team in the Middle East, we can get back at the scammer, or get back at the customer. That's very cool. Thank you. Thank you. That was fun. Interesting, interesting. I think, like, a group of people really need you. No, I don't. Because I do chase leads. That's why I said I don't chase leads because people come to me every week I have a lot of leads The crypto is the way for a lot of people using that to scam and that's why a lot of platform, multiple platform exist They try to sell sheet coin but then they try to get people to buy it but they manipulate their value by what they purchase but that's not the value behind it and that become an issue I mean it's not just people's place The leads that I get are people who are looking for scams also. Not just like middle- and free space. People who are more traditional like, for example, I invest the money in this business and supposedly your agreement is that I'll get a percentage of that share. But once you transfer the money, you just run away. So of course not everything has to go through the grey head side. I can just like use my guys to find out, for example, in this business place in Singapore, right? Just get a lot of the soul in. Because he is not from Singapore. just get a lawyer to sue him. Because he's not a lawyer, Singapore law, right? So now everything has to go through the less ethical law. But firstly, it's just a means by the end, right? So for example, I can just use my guys' services to find out who this person is. I'll just get a lawyer that I know who this person is. It's fine, just go through the legal things, right? It's just that the way I do it is unethical, but the way they make sure legal paperwork. So... Most of the people doesn't know that when we talk about security, anything outside of Singapore is much more, the playground, the playfield is much bigger than Singapore. Because Singapore itself is too restricted by everything. I have access to the black market, I know. Wow, he's the man, you know. Most of the people can get it. I don't want to add him or like, hang out with him. Because I said I can't do this stuff, right? Because if I did, I said I'll do a joke. So, I forgot to inspire you guys. Anything else to add? I'll start with Singapore. That's it. That's all I can say. Excellent, excellent. Yeah, I mean, sometimes you may need to do things like you're not, you have clients in this space or you have guests in this space. But without this platform, you won't know, right? He won't say anything. I mean... I'm sure it's the same one. So my name is Siddharth. You can call me Sid. I'm a three-time founder. Right now, I'm building an AI startup, which allows you to be meeting agents. So essentially, you can send AI to a call, have it interact with it, make it do actions, rather than just being passive participants, which already being done. So we provide the API and info for dev teams to build products on top of it. It could be any AI, essentially. I've dabbled around in AI startups for eight years. I love startups. Why am I here? To learn from everyone, learn from perspectives. One interesting thing, I pursue professional carting. So I'm a big carting fan. I've set the record in Sentosa. I have a few records here and there. For now. For now. For now. Yeah, some one beats it. What kind of start-up are you doing? So right now I'm doing something called Mainstream.Event. Mainstream.Event. Are you speaking next week? Next week where? Like a lot of events right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's a lot of events. A lot of events. A lot of events. Joe, I have a startup that kind of combines AI body tracking like any camera like on your phone or other devices to play different types of games. So one of our games is like a dancing game and essentially the camera tracks how your body moves so you can dance and then the levels are generated by AI. So essentially, it reads the music from the song, and then it generates the level off of that. And we have a few other parts of these kind of AI games. So yeah, I'm here to learn about AI stuff and business stuff. One interesting thing about me is I study philosophy. First I did philosophy, then I worked in finance. How did you change your perspective on philosophy? How did I change my perspective? I kind of just affirm my perspective, so I kind of, I believe the world is not real. I'm just more convinced that the world is not real. I agree with you. I agree with you. We are in Q&A. No, we are going into a black and white episode. Okay, how about you? Hello, I am Kenny. I'm from Tech's consulting company. We have some company to improve the sound industry feature and adopt the AI API. Right now, the folks are back AI application. What I hear is networking and no more use case. Because in the morning, it's I'm Baba. In the afternoon, it's Google. They all come up with some other AI solution for API use case for this one. One more issue for me now is why apply AI in finance side to earn more money. OK, OK, practical question. Leave it in the reality. OK, thank you. Oh, yeah, and myself. My name's Yuna. So the purpose of what do I do now? So I'm currently at a venture capital. So actually, we are. Our boss is a crypto mining giant, and they can convert it into traditional finance. So we're now investing in think-hack, AI, crypto. Yeah, so that's what I do. And why am I here? So I really want to create a safe space, whereby we can just discuss secret stuff. We later have a networking session. So what I actually felt about me is that I like to sing, so I participated like Chinese, like voice of China, but I just passed the first round. I think all of you don't know right? Nice. I think like, so like we said the topic of social networking is because we like there are a lot of so-called social AI out there, but it's more of like dating apps and also like not really solving the social media ecosystem problem itself very much. So we did research and find a bit of interesting project to share with you guys. But because this is the first session, in the future, we can do a pool in the chat group to decide what topics we want to discuss. any of you guys can be the facilitator and contributor for the content in the future. So it's really community-driven. So we feel like social media has gone through really evolution in two stances. First stance is the type of content from text to pictures, Instagram, and then now it's video. So more and more media has been embedded inside. dynamic. And then the content consumption also changed. Previously, we were searching at lots. We are actively searching for content. Now it's based on algorithms. So in TikTok, the algorithm just push the content of your favorite to itself. So what kind of AI and social media could combine and create in the future? I think that is a really huge market to tap in. And we feel like AI really will disrupt the social media space. Thank you everyone for filling in the survey. Because there are a lot of interesting thoughts within the survey that helped us to shape the session. There are a lot of problems within today's social media. Before we share any product, are there any interesting social media AI stuff that you guys have seen? building right now that you think will really change how social media is it right now. So we can share any thoughts or insights. Yeah. Out of all the social media. You never use any social media? Oh, you never use any social media? No, I used it, but now I exit it. Oh, you are posting it. Why? Then how do you keep? your friends? The only thing is YouTube only I have been watching YouTube that's all And also Hacks But all the social media, you know Any reason why you decided to step up? Privacy? Privacy issue Privacy, oh okay A data ownership Right, data ownership But three, it toss ah, goes to the tree Yeah yeah, it's that kind of data ownership Yeah so like, throughout the orders Yeah, so throughout all the survey, and our observations, there are major issues. First one is inefficiency. We feel like nowadays, when you try to maintain or forge new relationships, it's just so inefficient. We have to personally go out, and then talk to people. And we sometimes forget what we said, and forget his name or her name. And then this whole interaction is just so inefficient. And there's so many issues. I believe each of us might have like 10 social media apps to check every day. So you check your screen time, it's really, really being filled up. And then it leads to the next question of lack of attention ownership. So nowadays social media is advertising mode, right? So users use it for free because we are the product. So everything is trying to get our attention, but we don't have ownership for our own attention. So I don't want to see cute cats for this period because I want to like social AI. But it doesn't allow me to do that. So we find a very interesting product called Mevo. I think it's really a bit similar with who is building, actually. So the idea is that instead of people talking to people, now everyone has their own personal AI agent. It's a replica of your life. your thoughts, or whatever. And then you will be able to go out there and then talk to other people's agents. So imagine all of us have a replica agent. And then maybe I want to invest in a certain project. I have an investment thesis. I tell my agent to talk to all of your agents and find out which one suits my thesis. And then the two agents will interact, set up a meeting, and then send a message, seek approval. Let's have a meeting. I checked your schedule. Let's have a meeting this Friday night. So this is what the product is trying to do. So when you enter the user interface, you will talk to the agent they have within the app. And then you can tell them your important dates, your birthday, your family events, your memories. And then the replica will gradually, it's a gamification of building your replica. At the end of the day, your agent can go out and socialize on your pick-up. Mine is 180 degrees. Self-contained, no internet, it's full. Oh, all self-contained. I think Bordy does it too. So I've used Bordy.ai. Bordy.ai. So it's a super connector for founders, startup founders who have ideas. So essentially what it does is you just need to ping it. have to call it, and then you have to tell about your startup, everything and all that. And then what it does is, based on what you're looking for at your startup, it does warm introductions to investors. So it talks to, similar to what you're saying, but it's out there, I've used it, it's pretty recent. And it also gives you tips like, okay, you change your pitch this way, change your pitch that way. It's a 40.8. It's like two or three or four. So I think one thing about it is that you can input your own stuff but then it lacks the API connection all your social media. Imagine we can connect 10 social media to this one app. Then it's a one-stop monitoring for your social life, right? You don't have to memorize whatever your conversation with the other person. So that is basically what they want to do. I feel like there's a different utility to this, right? I mean, I work in corporate, right? So one of the big issues is that when your supervisor or when an employee leaves, and then they take away so much existing context with them right like they know stuff about a certain project that you don't know and then it's really hard to access it because like they make like a long list of handover documents that nobody ends up reading so there's application I mean I think it's similar to what you guys are talking about but it focuses on the workplace utility of having a digital clone of you right because many people like I mean we're open-minded to this so that's why we're open-minded to us using for like the social utility but many people they want to keep it different right like they want to they want to use AI as a tool and then I can see how like having a digital clone of you can be very beneficial if for example you have a boss and then your boss is a digital clone so I don't have to wait for him to be done with this meaning I can just talk to this. That's my hero. There's a company that does that. It's a field company. Tanka? Yeah, Tanka is doing that. You know what? Tanka's founder was the co-founder of Nivong. So she actually started the company and then she left and she started Tanka. I think she thinks that the workplace might have more people willing to pay. Because in VC space, 2D business is easier to raise money. So Tanka already has a function. So when one employee leaves, he just has to stand He just had to send the agent to the new employee. So everything, every composition, every documentation is inside. There's no tedious, it's really helpful. Yeah. I think so as well. Yeah, yeah. It's a really interesting thing. So this is comparable to Tankard? Oh no, it's a separate project. Yeah, so the founder left and she started this new project. But I think she learned everything, like the infra and so on. They use a memory. They replicate the same thing. So I think this one is more for students. Open, the other one is closer. For what? It's like SaaS AI. SaaS AI for work. So basically, how the tech stack is like that. Anybody can contribute, and anything not understand can share with each other. So basically, MiBo is using a Queen 2.5 LLM model. So this one is actually developed by Alibaba Cloud. It's an open source. previously, you have your raw data. So the GGBT will be used to structure and synthesize your unstructured data to put it into level one structured natural language memory. So with all the tags and cleaning. Oh, welcome, welcome. Can I have a seat? Can I have a seat? Can I have a seat? Can I have a seat? Yeah, no problem. So after you have this structure that you have within the LLM model, you will be trained using fine-tuning technology and all around. And then you will have your life-long personal model with AI-native memory. So why do they do this instead of just use CHPT as a model is because they think that the future, because of the computational power that you need to maintain your model, you might need a hardware. So the changeability is too huge to be contained in a mobile phone or laptop. So they use a 7B smaller model so that you can run it on your device. So changeability is like 100B model. So it's impossible to run it unless we have really hardware development or improvement in the future. So that's how they do it. The structure is quite simple, but I think they are really doing research and improving the system. Yeah, I think Quen 2.5 is one of the better models. One of the best ones. Oh, really? Yeah, Quen 2.5 for the lower-end model, Quen 2.5, or Qiwen 9. Ah, Qiwen, OK. And also the Gemma 3, Google. Gemma 9? So far what I know is, for example, especially that intelligence, the more they have crammed a lot of things inside, and when they fight you, not only that, some of them, some of the model I believe, you cannot do Laura, or kill Laura too much, because the older model, like the Llama 2 or so, you can find things, and you don't have to work with forgetting. This one, you keep finding things you have to work forgetting. That means what they preach, they will forget. Or it will become worse. So you do this for your own specific data. But if you want to use the original intelligence and fine-tune it, the more you fine-tune it, the more dumb you become. But the general knowledge will be much tougher. I mean, you said that it's not good for fine-tuning. It's for error, right? No, no. It's good for fine-tuning. But it has to be careful. But a lot of models are done using Crane 2.5. Actually, the founder of the project, he did an experiment. He included all his personal data into the model. And then on his birthday, he was giving a short speech. And then he asked his replica to give the same speech. The accuracy is about 90%. They say the same thing. So it's a very brilliant slide. How do you get around the context limit? regarding the context limit right, so how do you do it is like, this one you have this L2 memory, so the idea is that instead of relying on like huge context using RAC or basically feeding that whole chunk of text into the model right, you just go through the fine tuning of using your own person data, which is like the shorter data and then the weights inside the model right is the one that can easily produce right, actual knowledge for yourself. So this is pre-training, right? Yeah. So the general purpose in late-night training is to make the data concise. So that within a small amount of data, you still can tell the truth about yourself. It's a concise way. But how often do you do this though? Like the fine-training or those? Yeah. Because you don't have to do it once yet for all the information, right? Oh, yeah. so actually in fact what they say in the paper is that they will do it in a continuous manner so when you first use the app, you input your personal data all the time you start working with the model itself that's how you collect more data and then at the start before they really create a very good personal model that's why they have this data generation using the GPT-4.0 so using whatever you have they try to replicate more and also it more structured. So, over time, it starts to get better, but at the start, maybe there's some sacrifice in terms of the output. This one, I... Not like my personal, you know what I mean? There are two thoughts to this, because one side says they will do meticulous sign-tuning to put all new on it. But, there is also forgetting. The more fine-tuning you do, the more you forget the earlier data. So there's one school of thought. So the other school of thought is they don't do the fine-tuning. Either they retune everything from the base. That means they fine-tune this is what they started, then they start to fine-tune based on this one on the... So one of them is they are holding the VQ because of the cathode for getting. That's one of the technical theory side. So there are two sort of foods for thought. Then of course the other one is they have to use external number. Because now the context length is a problem. Even though the newest model, they say they have sort of solved the context solving the context, so 1 million is not a... they have 1 million context, they only remember the first and last, the middle part is a problem. I think this was actually covered by the paper as well, that's why they want to go through the memory problem. But the newest model, they have sort of solved to the certain extent of this one. But like Anthropic, they have used a different contextual rack, something like that. They used slightly different technique to try to get the context. Ah, OK, OK. So it basically like they have different system, and then they just use whatever they can. Yeah. For example, like Anthropic, they use, if you chunk it, 1,000 and overlap, 200. and count it a thousand and overlap 200. So every chunk they summarize. No, not only overlap, because every chunk, if you use this context for here, then 10,000, 20,000 later, there's no context. So what they try to do is, these paragraphs, after they summarize, they chunk and summarize. They summarize, they put the chunk, then the next one chunk and summarize. So at least they try to get the context of it. All the showcase at the same time. It's like you keep zipping your file right? Because it's the same as the human lab, because 10 years ago what we do, we cannot recognize the key. We feel like we recognize what is on the right. They did like an experiment comparison. So they asked like, what do I want to eat next? So they're using smaller model accuracy is about 2.9. But then if they use Chaptivity 4.0, it's about 2.7 or something. But then we can see that both is not perfect. It's not like five. So there's still a lot of room to improve the tech. But then I think one of the things that came out of me is really about security and how comfortable are we really to dump all our life memory or our notes or our thickest thoughts all into or notes, or our secret sauce, all into one product. I'm not sure if there's an existing solution that's able to do it, like TE or? TE is very expensive. And only a few people can work towards TE. Trusted as distribution environment. So basically, they load the whole thing into a machine. The whole model, whatever it is, it's trusted. So they process the thing. that after they have come up. But it's very specific. Only certain data centers can do it. So it becomes a centralized issue. Yeah, correct. So this is for fine-tuning, is it? Yeah. Either fine-tuning or inference. But then, are there any innovations in this area to allow? FHM, fully homomorphized encryption, but it's not ready yet. Oh, FHD, yeah. Oh, FHE ah? It's an idea in crypto. There's a lot of FHE projects out there. But it's not total yet, because they haven't solved the fully-added Hamiltonian encryption. It's not fully solved, but fully absorbed yet. Oh, okay, okay. This one is, because I'm interested in this area, because privacy is my main concern. That's why I told you I exited a lot of things. So, this area is where I have been following. Because to me, decentralized AI is the future. It has to be decentralized. Decentralized. But now not. Now cannot. But GE means centralized. Not decentralized. It's distributed. Oh, have. The only one of the way I know they're doing it is they The thing is, they split the data in chunks, so they distribute to different, so not one person will know what they are doing, but they are not totally encrypted. So, let's say your chunk, you go to 1,000. So they come back, for example, like... You're like doing the sharding. Yeah, sharding. So that's one of the better ways. Interesting. Sorry. But the word de-centralised itself is an illusion for the society. It's just a word that people usually use but most of the companies don't really... The reality is that all the people in power, they don't want to be centralised. It's like developing countries versus developing countries. There's a reason why in developing countries versus developed countries. You see why crypto is so prevalent in developing countries. Singapore is not developed. We have pay line. Technically, you do pay line, pay line transaction. There's always a cost. But the thing is that who's bearing this cost? It's not us consumers. It's the banks or workers in charge of the system that bears the cost. So these players, these banks, they will never. There's a reason why you see all these scams. I have a feeling the banks actually found more money to have advertise off their new slides and everything out because they want people to be afraid of decentralization so then they push back on it because if everything is centralized then banks got no value because everybody has no crypto transactions, no transactions right then banks, there's no need for banks at all yeah and like black markets the market won't be around so there will always be a revenue slip So there will always be revenue escape. OK, steady, steady. OK. Yeah, so I think this is really a evolving cat that is a barrier that we want to see it be bridged. So this one is more of user-front technology. On this one, we want to talk about swarms. So how AI and AI are structured and interact with each other. Yeah. So I'll be talking about this part, right? So DataBoris, actually this DataBoris, this project is a Web3 project, actually. So a stamp off from Web3, and then the problems being stated by this project is that traditional networking actually fails to deliver meaningful connection. So you go to different networking events, but then you might not fully get what you want out of the event, because you cannot find the people that you and then maybe if you find the people you want, maybe you just forget them after one week. So actually what's the point right, in a social group you have like so many people talking inside the group. Do you psych yourself up? Do you cue all the message right to find out what you want from the people? And so the idea of this data where you start is that it's an agent that helps you make a high level of mental connection. It's a view of ElizaOS, so it's an AI agent framework and then it's powered by the origin trail DKG, which is the decentralized knowledge ground. So the goal is to capture your goal interest and then to help you match with the other people that is aligned with you. So how it works is that we start from the right side. So from the dialogue, you can see here, it's a communication between you and the agent. And then throughout the communication, the agent will form a relationship what you mentioned. So it becomes an unstructured data, all the way to the structured data like a graph. And then this graph will be published into the decentralized network. So you have the public graph, and then you have the private graph. Private contains more in-depth things about you that is not very public. And then public is more obvious, intentional, and then for other people to know about you as well. And then using a query, and then using like a query and then you can find out right if the group is relevant to you so that's like I can show you like a quick demo right so over here you can see like a this I thought is telegram of course right so you just have to start the command and then you see that okay Gordon I'm data barista and then you just say hi introduce yourself and then they ask you actually what are you looking for what are you trying to do then I said I'm trying to like give some trying to prove somebody to be like AI agent so the agent is trying to gather information you and then trying to match it for you. So that's one. So to find the perfect match, I need you to tell me more about the agent itself. So I would say, yes, I'm looking for an agent being viewed using the Eliza OS. And then what particular industry I'm looking at, what's the contact of this agent. I see that I want to view an AI agent that can do open source intelligence for me. So maybe I want to find out about this person, give me more information about this person. help me. I mean like, I want the agent to do that for me. And then it says that, okay, we are looking for someone with experience in open source intelligence at ELISA. So they reaffirm my intention and then they will say that it will do like the matching for me. So the next step, you can see that, okay, they have data where you start serving up promising connections. Gordon let me, hell no, hell no. So this is telling everyone it's somebody inside the database already. And then you can simply just pick that database for you and then you can simply just speak to the person through Telegram and of course Telegram is just one platform they have other platforms such as like Twitter or those so hence the term serial DVD so match found very close it's an unexpected good outcome and then this is like a very like a new project right so what happened is you can go Google and then you find the app you can look that up in Twitter but I think the owner recently took down the open source code audios, but just too free to go up to Twitter and take a look as well. So the next thing I want to talk about is multi-agent simulation with this favourite called Canon. Have you all heard before? Canon? Heard before right? So it's basically an AI agent favourite, it aims to study agents at large scale. So probably you all heard like O2Gen For me, you all heard like O2gen, and then Crew AI, and then Landchain, Landgraph, all those like. A camera is like one such framework, but they aim at doing a large scale version of like an AI interaction. And then so what can you do with a camera, camera AI? We can do like data generation. So how it works is that right, you have like multiple agents talking to each other, and you have the result of their combination, that's data generation. Second is task automation, so you want to do some role playing between like a few agents. interesting is like you can create this like workforce, area workforce, you tell them a task and then they will just generate the output for you based on their interaction among each other. And then RAC pipeline, of course you can do like the vector RAC and also the graph RAC. And then one interesting thing about them is that this framework is being used by these people called OACs, so it's a world simulation, so you have one million agents, you can study how information propagates in Twitter, what's the effect in Reddit. So actually knowing about this also helps us to understand ourselves. Hence, I feel like it's a bit more of an associate than I expected. So I think Microsoft did simulations with their agents so they let them run. For example, you want to know how the people interact. they let the agent, maybe a few hundred agents, interact with the environment. So after that, they gather all the data and use the data on the actual system. What kind of findings do they have? Sorry? What kind of findings do they have? I don't know. Because they cannot... But the intention is to get interaction, the intention is to get the metadata on how they interact after that they use it as a profile, how they interact on the real people. I think even META recently, I think they rolled back the feature, but I don't know if you've seen it, you can create like clone agents of yourself as well as perceived versions of yourselves with prompts, like you can create their own terminal, whatever, and then And then, I don't know if it's still there, I don't use Insta as much, but Meta did roll out for a while, and they're now, but they have like a private beta with just Influencers, so in the future, we'll be interacting with army of Influencer agents. Oh, shit. Influencers itself, so Influencer will have like, I don't know, a CNC agent, like a PR agent, like an energy agent, whatever, they have multiple versions of it. Because nowadays they cannot get data from actual humans. So they simulate using agent to get the data. How is each agent unique? So actually, for you to craft the uniqueness, it's actually through form. It's currently in form. So you cannot just find the agent and get it. They have the same knowledge base, so how does this work? So it's largely just the form. So you can put a different system from, of the agents. So maybe you can tell this agent to, OK, can you act like you are this and put more information? And the other agent, you must see something else. But overall, I think the base model is still the same, depending on what you choose. So the base model is really just out there. It's API connection. So what's the necessity of the information flow? Because if they have the same knowledge base, technically, they don't just access the same information, right? Oh, yeah. So actually, the simulation here being done is like how you want to see like the social dynamics of this agent Yeah, so like maybe they do have like the same information of those, but you want to divide how information propagate from one side to the other side, something like that Have you heard of Kevin AI? Kevin AI? Those, the AI girlfriend or people when they interact, they use a modified Cobalt CPP instead of a Lama CPP. So they modify. So what they do is they input the characteristic on the personality of the person. Because everyone has different personality, so they will key in different personality to get the language model to behave slightly different. So they use this different agent when you have different personality, different thinking, and when they interact, the interaction is different. So exactly for this, what I'm trying to do to get the personality is instead of you kick in personality, which is actually, you have to imagine, use the ba zi. Ba zi means the birthday. Because the birthday itself gives you a lot of personality. Actually that's what I do for my free time. I'm a metaphysicist. So what you can do is, you use the bathroom one way, in other systems the same. Get the personality of the person, different person, different birth time, birthday person. Use the personality, then it's more accurate for that person. So with that personality, you can use social interaction. From there, you can get the aesthetic award. I can tell you this because I'm going to open sources, I don't care. I just want to add on to what you actually said. It's very true. Especially you're talking about numerology, you're talking about demonology, talking about your birth date, what time you were born and also because right now we have too many we have too many cards, cards also have a number so any card, anything that deals with time with number will also be our energy and this one will be a whole different aspect of why the spiritual side of people they actually say that the more number you own, the more draining you get. Since you are on this tour right, does anyone know of a good fortune teller? It's a billion dollar industry. Now there is this startup from India called Astro Talk. I think they went to India for a million dollars. If that era is something you guys are interested in, that's also an area that I have a community to talk to. I have a spiritual, energy, ghost... I just didn't invite them here only. What's the thing about numbers that you say? Numerology, they're based on all the numbers that you have. based on your card number, based on your mobile number, based on your door number, your unit number, and based on your level, like which floor do you stay, which apartment floor do you stay, all these are all tied to everything. So one of the things that you were saying that you own a lot of numbers. That means you actually heavy burden to your own because you cannot manage it. I mean, this is just one of the way to simplify. It's okay, it's okay. That's my profession. Definitely this is the area that this community group, they are also very secret, I would say. They are very closed door also. But yes, I'm also part of them. On top of them, I'm also with LGBT also. that is also another whole separate community. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. like it does palm reading and then you see computer vision and then it sort of does your horoscope I think this is a very good piece this is very deep rooted in the Indian culture so like one of my very earliest start-ups investor, ranger investor he will only invest the summation is 1. Summation is 1? Like let's say 55,000. But the 1089 is so-so. Yeah, I think it's not that great. It's not that great though. We don't know. But logically, the palm reading, they have a lot of the scriptures. I think different cultures have different patterns. So like he said, they put in too many so that it gets confused. The context of it in the semi-model, which is for interpretation, it has been over-trained or over-fitting. I don't know what problem it's dealing with, but yeah. For your information, when Nipsi came out, he said, I want him out in 7D. When R1 came out in February this year, I was told by my circle, 65% accuracy for the BaZi. As the day count down, every month you become dumber and dumber and dumber. What's BaZi? It means your first day. Your first day. It's a Chinese version of Chinese tradition. So you become dumber and dumber and dumber until they came up with the R10528 went up again. I believe it's the catasulfate program. This is where all the secrets come out. All the secrets come out. This is all the secrets. This is the only place you can share. That's why all the secrets are here. I'll move on more. So this is the general overview of camera. So this is the general overview of CAMER, and now I'm doing one experiment with CAMER. So agent interaction experimentation with CAMER. So what is the point of this experimentation? Can I use this concept of AI agents, society, to actually propagate information about me to other agents? And then them, their own agent to me, so I learn about them. So it's the form of that working. So this is the experimentation I'm doing. how I do it is to scrape the text messages from groups Just to get information about myself and the other agent Do the futile message and then I summarize the messages daily So just like you mentioned about the summarization So this is something I'm doing at Spare also Because every message that you send is very raw and messy So you want to summarize and negate it to give value to the text itself And then I load it in the vector and graph database. So how the agent simulation works is that if you give an initial topic to the agent one, this agent will create a response, and then the response will be retrieved by the agent two, and then agent two will use the vector and the graph to retrieve more information about the response, and then in return, create a response for agent one. Agent one will then use the vector and the graph to get the answer as well. use the vector rack and the graph rack to get the answer out as well So it's a root simulation, you root it for n types So just a general overview about the graph rack So if you don't want to confuse yourself too much just look at the purple arrow so you have a text message and then you make it unstructured to structured and then you load it up to your vector database so you create embeddings and then for graph you are trying to load it to the graph database I use Neo4j, because Canva also uses Neo4j And then for your vector, instead of using quadrant, I use chroma And then once you combine, you get the expected output So I don't think I'm going to go through the whole thing here Just to give you some explanation connection of different relationships and objects and subjects. So it's only like 1,000 loops displayed, but it's like seven years' worth of text messages. Oh, yeah, so actually, you need to go through all of that. I'm using just a look-by tool. Oh, shit. But then I do the summarized version, so it's much less. So I think the data set is about maybe almost 5,000. So I do a 5,000 look-by tool. Is there a way to load WhatsApp, the backup file messages into context? So WhatsApp-wise, I do not know whether there is any Python package to help you load But I know there is an MPC server and I think that can retrieve information as well So as of now, I am just using the more Pythonic way of getting the Telegram messages I put it up and then you can see like one example at Tsumak, finding relationship in unrelated words. So we have three loops here right, Sengkang, West Loop and Pen Deal. Anything come up in your mind? So basically the Singapore MRT map right, so Sengkang and then it's at the West Loop of Sengkang and Pen Deal right. So this graph is able to detect relationship between like three very different context words. So West Loop links called text work. So best-look leads to open-rail, which is correct, and then like best-look starts at same ground. So this creates relationship out of like very different words. So it's something that you cannot just replicate using LLM. Because LLM have to predict like the next word. But with the graph you can create relationship. You're using the Neo4j graph right or you're using the Neo4j itself? So I load it up first and then I use the graph right to retrieve the information. this is just like, I just blow it out Sorry, does the colors have any meaning? Very good question, I think they have a meaning So if you click on it, they will tell you what category could be location, then another one could be food, something like this So different subject, topic, and then they have different colors that topic and then they will have different colors. And then it's associated to each individual child, the person itself, and who you are texting. Correct. So actually you see the more centralized one, like for example this one. It's actually a human. So I think this is my sister, and then I'm somewhere around here. So it also brings a relationship between the contacts and followers. Yes, correct. So this is the intention of the ground. So you are closer to your sister. Actually I'm not sure whether I'm a beast or a beast Maybe your next project, Neo4j is a good one I think it's one of the best But have you considered maybe your next project use graffiti? Graffiti as memory It's just slightly different from Neo4j because Neo4j, the traditional graphics is static because if your data is changing all the time there's a project called graffiti where z, have you heard z? z-e-p or something like that I think there's a... not z-e-p it's a memory it's a memory for graph because they use, you know it, they use graffiti the one they use is also graph It's also graphed, but it's a changing... Oh, it's a dynamic? Dynamic, more dynamic. So it's good for changing data, but it's static, this one. Okay, thanks for that, maybe you can try that. Yeah, I'm not total, but I know this one, I tried to incorporate... You can tell me all the information. What's the utility of visualizing it like this? Because there's many, I mean it's a multi-dimensional vector right, so like a lot of things get abstracted. you're saying that there are interesting things we can notice by looking at the graph? Yes. So actually, the reason why I just want to put it here is to show that actually with that amount of text managers, you have many, many connections that you can derive out of it. And then one connection represents one relationship. So this relationship can go by a different form. Could be like, you say leads to starts at interest, like this, like that. and then go to, so there's many dimensions in terms of how you are pointing the looks to looks. So I just want to showcase, while this is just 2D, but actually it goes further than that. For REC system, now factor is almost like, But no, you need combination. Graph, vector, memory, and also text searcher, normal searcher. So you combine these three, that's the new... Sorry, how's a vector different from a graph? Okay, so vector right, it's basically, you can think of your graph XYZ, then you have to translate words into numerical form, which is like maybe your XYZ vector, which is like maybe your x, y, z value that kind and you put it like a certain space right so that is like one line of the origin to that space so that is like vector as you know in mathematics right so how the vector works is that right you have like maybe two different sentences right you put them into the space you can measure the difference the angle between them and then you can see how similar this is so how it works is that right if let's say you have a query like say what does Gordon likes and then doing that by maybe it can relate more closely to a certain subject or sentences that is also asking this question. So that's when you can retrieve like context about the question itself. But how is that different from the graph? Okay, so a graphite is not in like mathematical, I mean not in the numerical form. So a graphite is like a collective relationship between words or looks. So one is words and then one is like numerical value. So you are looking in a different direction. Graph is more deterministic. You want to determine certain things because it has a relationship. Vector is more a similarity, similar. So the space is there, but it's more probability-based. What probability is there? Vector depends a lot on your painting. One of the pattern now is the MX5 Then also the GINA, now they came out the version 4 and they said that one is also very good For me, my embedded model for the vector, I just use the GVT4 only Just spend some money So the vector right, is it like you say I got one question, so the vector right, is it like you say I like McDonald's more, the vector will be more like stronger? So that compared to like other things It's actually like, let's say your sentence is I like McDonald's more, it will compress it into a single direction Yeah, and then you will find like the other vector right that is close to this vector So you're just trying to find out the relationship between sentence and the others in the future closer. So that means similar one will be closer together? Correct. You could be like asking, I want to know more information about NARA. Because you have a NARA word there, maybe sentences that is inside the database called this NARA will be more easily retrieved. Because it's closer in terms of like the space, the vector space. Probably it depends on the application. So because the vector and graph also needed. Let's say you need something very deterministic. You must have this one, this one equals to this one. Relationship, vector is very good. No, sorry, graph is very good. But vector is like, this one is here, maybe it's this one nearby. You want to have some similarity to match, but not exact match, like fuzzy matching. It's also very good. but they are not very good. Factor are not very good for deterministic probability. Ah, yes, yes. Okay, okay, okay. So that's why over here there's graph and vector. It's a combination, so you don't know. Okay, okay. Okay, so back to the experiment. Okay, so the data used is two from BlueChat. one chat is, my family knows chat. So it consists of my mom, two siblings, and myself. And then the other chat is a direct message with her friend. So the idea is that me conversing with my friend is not something that is being known to my family. So can I transfer knowledge that I've conversed with my friend to my family? That's the idea. So how can I surface knowledge from B to A? So the participants is myself. which I got contact in A and B, and my mum. Mum is only in A. So how was the result? So there's knowledge transferred, but a bit wonky. You can see from here, you see there are different turns. So Gordon says something, mummy says something. Asian mummy, Gordon. But that one is a fake mummy. So if you see my initial topic, it's like, what's going on recently for you? So my mum will talk, and then I will talk, my mum will talk. And then what happened at turn 7, I mentioned something about Web3 and AI This is something that I spoke with my friend but not my family So because of that, it's a knowledge transfer between different chat without my intervention So you can see the original source of the image is that I'm either data scientist, AI or Web3 So this is green transfer This is agent to agent conversations So these are agent conversations So under a few sentences later, I'm talking about CPF investing. So this is something that I mentioned to my friend as well. On this topic, I intend to invest my CPF OAS. So it's actually being reflected in the conversation. So my mum can actually know. So your agent can? help you talk to your mom? So your mom can get updates on what's going on with your life? Yes, that's a decent, that's a decent Also another line is I'm finding tactics that are very damaging and long shot position very promising Yeah, something that I always talk to my friend about Like I'm in this like, quite long, two shots or something Yeah, so like, knowledge being transferred What your mom would ask to me is such a question Yeah, so like, that's the thing right, we want to like Yeah, so that's the thing, we want to make sure we have the card, you know? No mention too much about how many girlfriends our sponsor has. Are you in a scam? You're not using the Google A2K for Google, right? No, no. You're just using the browser? Yeah, just using the red and then just doing a Python look to find out. Why do I need the A2K? Oh, why do I need the A2K, right? So actually the intention is that, can we have this kind of agent working with each other so that we can learn more about other people? How is their life update like? So the other side is also an agent? Yes, yes. So everybody is an agent. So your agent talk to the other agent to learn more information about each other. And then maybe in the future, because this is in a verbal text, we clean up line by line, could be in the future that we have something that can aggregate this chat for us to find out what is interesting that you actually know and then just put it out in a more better UI Gordon, I finally got a good friend of you Because of the scripting of it If you don't have friends with this AI, you don't want him to use the AI script Oh yeah, your AI script is AI data That's why at the start I was like, I want to do open source intelligence So I finished this project and then I kind of have some reflection of what I'm doing. Because I'm actually not very experienced in the role of AI agent. Then I got some technical question like, I want to bring it up to people here in CNY. Okay, there are many orchestration tools such as VanGraph, O2Gen, Camo, all those. Actually, what is and gamble all those. Actually, what is good when you want to scale them up? So these are questions that maybe you guys can help to answer as well. And then, what are the best practices for scaling AI agent in production? Because now I'm just doing it in a Google Code Lab. So it's just one script. So that helps people scale and then handle high-speed harassing. And then lastly, I mentioned that the agent messages I mean I mentioned that the agent messages are being printed out but actually how do you monitor this in production when this whole thing is being like how do you know there's no funny things like hallucination or home-drift photos? So if anybody knows the answer to this, I'll be very grateful Are there existing solutions to people? That's the framework is in Because then you don't need to write I don't know what's the best, but what I do personally which has worked to a decent level, so I use it for some research and one of my friend has built a tool which is basically a code review agent, similar to copilot but trained on your organization's context so that it So let's say you have like a common style. It will ensure like, okay, these are the fixes that you need to do before you push the code. So I'll tell you from both perspectives. So one is, I think N8n has worked very well for me. And recently I've been testing string. I think it's my pipe delete. So basically you can wipe code multi-agent orchestration. You just prompt and it builds the- So easy. and it builds the... It's so easy. Yeah, so you just feel like, okay, every time I get this email, you know, make a phone call, do this, that, it'll actually build that flow. Security is not given. So security is always a problem. Yeah, that's the second part. The second part, I think, for your third question, I think, land graph is useful in terms of managing the prompt, like, okay, we're testing it, what works better, like KB testing it, what works better, what doesn't work. And third is again, we said for security, having a human in the loop is always the best outcome that I've seen. So human in the loop as in, so you get an output from the agent, you do a thumbs up or a thumbs down, and then you sort of reinforce the right behavior to ensure security as well as the hallucination and all of that. So I think that's the implementation my friend has done in his startup. So every time it gives you a sense you can do thumbs up or down. And it improves over time, over time, over time. It's like, yeah, doing the, I don't have preference optimization. Reinforcement learning. One issue that happens is, the security, I mean, is a problem with actual people. Well, you can do it with me. The purpose in production is a problem. That's, I think, yeah, that really depends on what kind of agent that you're building. So if you are building an agent that is very autonomous, doesn't really take an input, but automatically gets the input from somewhere, you can sort of have like guardrails set up to clean the input and do it. But if it's like an open agent, like people prompt into your agent, it's very challenging to build those guardrails. Because you don't know this agent's talking to you. What if you don't have any security agent? But you build a security agent. Correct? But you build a security agent, all right? So you build a security agent. Like a maker checker thing. So that's what we built. So we were in consulting. So I was in consulting as well for the last eight years. So IBM has their agent. I don't know what it's called. I forgot the name. So they have the agents to you. So what you essentially need to do is you need to build a security agent. And the job of the agent is to? every agent's output and report it to you. So you build like a multi agent. And it does like a maker checker policy. So one agent gives the output, the other agent checks it. So you like double enforce it. Okay. So basically it's like, because I assimilated two agents talking to each other, so I can put like a security agent inside there. Yeah, so you make like a commander, right? So both agents have one more agent whose job is to approve or de-approve the message and you can build like a human in the loop process initially to sort of say like okay this can be sent to my mother or this can't be sent to my friend. Thank you, thank you. If you do like a thumbs up or a thumbs down over time I think it gets better or you can also I think one of the advanced ways to even give feedback more than just thumbs up and down. it something like judge. They call it many things, complex agent, security agent. But I think for evaluation purposes, you can use lag graph. It's really good. So you can basically have an AVC into your agent, product engineering into your agent. And you can see which the users like and don't from their feedback. So you have to build the internal workflow to measure your... And there is also something, one more framework called QUIC. QUIC, okay. Q U I C K. IK, Q U IK. Q U IK. Sorry, not QUIC, OPIC. OPIC, QUIC is something else. OPIK. It's an open source prompt evaluation framework. Okay, thanks. And N8N is, you can self-post N8N and I've been using it for my in self-hosting internet. I've been using it for my audience. One question. So for this security part, there's so many different risks. If we can summarize, what kind of actually security risks are there? What are we talking about? What kind of risks are there? A lot. So one thing happened to me. So I encoded an app in Loveable, and two weeks later, a guy mailed me saying like, my open API key was outside. My API key. So technically, if someone found, if some unethical person found it, he could like blast my billing and use my API key. That's a good one. People are actually billing agents only to find those billings. No, that's a good business. Like if you go to... It's fantastic. Yeah. 80% of the white-coded apps ignore the security aspect. So API key is one big issue. Second is reverse knowledge leakage. You don't want certain data of your app or organization to go out, but if someone prompt injects and finds out your source code to be, I think even Chad GPT made that point. Prompt engineering, right, to poke. On this context, does anyone know any AI forces tools? Poisoning tools? Any white hat here? Or hackers here? No, I'm not asking for the white hat sort of thing. I'm asking for something that can subtly influence the dataset to improve my client's rankings. of answering things. Prompt injection. Yeah, that's prompt injection. Prompt injection. So one thing, a lot of apps, I mean, that has been happening a lot in MCP. Right. So because MCP doesn't really have any defined guardrails, or probably not according to that point yet, people are getting the data from the app, or the proprietary data of the product itself, using prompt injection techniques. Like, for example, we have an MCP of WhatsApp let's say it's not properly configured, I can get your chat by just prompting it with my key in some way, so you can make it work. In NNN, for telegram, there's a hook, there's a key, so we must... In NNN, I read somewhere, because recently, the NNN, because you get for the one-off, whatever, So if you don't, in the end, you do not make sure it is your own API. Exactly. So that's been happening a lot. So those are the major things you can do. Now you need to be very careful, because I just lost my KIP. You deleted all my keys. I see where I was in there. Is that a one level data search program? No, I'm like, I'm poor. So just about one issue. So just to add on, one of the common issues is everyone using their primary email for everything. So once your primary email is being known and being used, it's very easy to find the person. It's very easy. But it's just very sad because a lot of people don't clean up their account. Because personally, I encountered, when I have too many accounts, I don't clean up. it becomes a data hygiene issue and when I clean up the company don't clean up my account and they still sending message and they tell me why not you just block from the phone it's not solving the issue that means they still have my number it can be used in the data get decoupled so this is also one of the issues that a lot of people face and one of the common thing like there's no budget because of the small they are doing so everyone is just using their own email people don't separate out between what they do to their personal email and to prioritize what they really want people to know and it's just one of those things that's why once someone knows your email, it becomes your own identity you don't need to know the person they're in but it's just the person's email and all accounts, they will always ask for a birthday. Once someone knows your birthday, it's also another lost password option. They can build replica using the AI. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, then all and then the next one will be... Yeah, can I? Can I? People that carry like... Yeah, go on. Then to share first. Introduce yourself like, welcome, welcome. Everyone introduce you. Welcome, welcome. Oh, everyone introduced already. Yeah, we introduced already. We'll see you guys later, man. OK. Double whoops. No. We're OK, I can go first. Hey, guys. My name is KJ, capital K, capital J. I work for this series A, EI startup. It's called Bifrost. We use synthetic data for computer vision model training. It's largely focused on log-water armor system development. So whether that's in defense, robotics, self-driving cars, that kind of stuff. I was the first non-engineer hired into the business, so I take care of all business functions in the whole company and I leave the fund results. For me, I'm not so cool, so I was in the payments industry and then I moved to a bank now. So it's more on regulatory reporting, so I actually very back office. very, very back office. But I'm very interested in this kind of area. And so, thanks for having me. Yeah, yeah, sure. Sorry, it's a different group. I'm Jia Cheng. They call me JC. JC, sure. Yeah. Oh, and this is my girlfriend, Grace. Hi, I'm Grace. I'm working at State Library. Yeah, I know this. Yeah, she works there. You know, our state is quite a, our state is I would say it's a very large tech company also. We just get to learn for the better people in AI. Thank you. Feel free to ask any questions. Yeah. And then we will pass to, so this is the last product that we want to share also. This is more like relationship management tools, like combined with AI. Can I ask a question just for context? Yeah, yeah, sure. I'm sorry if I'm doing, just tied up in some motor trains. Is this stuff that you guys are doing? Oh, OK. So is this stuff that people are getting? What are we looking at? So the purpose of this is we want to have a safe space to talk about AI technology. So today's theme is actually social networking AI. So all the products that we started this community. Because in the future, everyone can choose any topic to talk about. So because it's the first session, we choose a few products we did research about that we think are really important and it's right in the social media landscape. Yeah, so we have no sponsorship. There's no, like, you know, like, yeah, non-profit. Totally sharing. No idea. Like, is this the clay which is out there that we all know of, or is this the clay version that you guys are building? Oh, it's the outside product, yeah. We are not, yeah. So let me tell you do this. So let me jump into this product itself. So this product itself is definitely available on the web itself. It's definitely not my product, but it's definitely a product that I actually use for trial. This query itself is more like a personal CRM. So what you do is pretty much synchronize all your account, integration all your account, and you build a research sheet out of this. And it will remind you what you need to do and what you need to follow up or who you suggest. based on your profile that you have. So this is just a screenshot from the Mac OS. During TeachCloud, I do integration between linking profile by linking profile and also apps. Reason because they can do a lot more, but I'm also very concerned about privacy. If I connect more, means they will know a lot more. I keep it to these two platform, easier for me to just understand them more. So if you actually see based on this screenshot itself, it actually allowed me to know, I actually back out a lot of my friends at the company that they are looking for, basically for privacy reasons. But what this clay helps is that it allowed us, allowed me to know when my friend made changes to the status. So usually when you open up your linking app, you pretty much see, hey, this is the new status that your friend have. you forgot or no one will ever know what your friend actually edited before so this client itself will automatically in real time they will automatically update and refresh the data the subject itself that previously this was subject 1 that the person have changed to subject 2 so this is allow us to allow me to actually understand that if let's say they want to change company they want to change the title they want to make their profile look better, then this will allow me to catch up with them and actually reach out to them. The thing about this platform compared to LinkedIn app is, LinkedIn app you pretty much have to search their name, and then you have to click their name to know more detail. But this app itself, once you integrate into them, you pretty much see their subtitle, you see their title and you can get into their profile. So it's a very up, but also means that your privacy is already given to them. I'm going to move on to the next one. OK, so this is more towards the iOS, the mobile app itself, which is a few people that actually follow. I don't follow too many people on X itself, because X is still very close community that I follow. So a few communities. Few community I follow is Binance and also Enormous. I think pretty much these are what is coming from the X itself. So this is just a view of how the news and the post will be seamlessly will be applied to this platform. So it's pretty much is one platform for all two integration of data that I can see. I don't have to open up my X. I don't have to open up my routine. I can just see from this platform itself. And to summarize how this platform display leverage on the AI platform, it will do more automation for summarization and personalization in terms of how the information is being synchronized, and also the contact, which also allows you to sync up with your mobile phone. And that's why we sync up with mobile phone, which means that it will also remind you your friend's birthday is coming up soon. You want to send an auto message to the friend to wish that person a happy birthday, which you don't have to do it. They will do it on their own. So it's just a way for them that once you integrate all these, the app itself will automatically send a message to your friend without you doing it. And this is all what you will do for this product itself. It's like a one stop store. It's like a one-stop social media. Yeah, one-stop social media. Because I'm actually using their paid plan, so I personally feel that it's overwhelmed for me with this paid plan because a lot of integration. I just didn't integrate fully yet, so just sharing one. Definitely, this page itself will be what app they actually do integration and what platform they actually support. They definitely also support browser app also. Browser as a web extension. And then I'm just going to jump into my question. It's whether it's a question or a doubt. So question number one that I would like to open up to the floor. Will anyone see AI replacing or streamlining human in terms of communication? That would be my question. one. My question number two is, will this save us more time by eliminating the need to socialize with anyone? The reason is because we are all human beings. There's reason why we want to do it in person. We definitely can do it virtually, because virtually is always going to be convenient, free, and flexible. Someone might turn off the camera, might just around in the house, and you just never know whether the person is really focused or not. Definitely, we have went through this before, during the pandemic time. I'll go down to the floor to see, what would you guys see? Will this be streamlined? Will this eliminate our time of socializing? Actually, as super individual or something, we actually use these products. Do you guys like them? I have a question before. I realize that there's two schools of thought. When it comes to privacy, there's one type of people. Honestly, I'm one of them. I don't care if my data is out there as long as it's convenient. I'm getting ads and stuff that I'm most likely interested in. It's keeping me in the loop. I don't mind my data being out there. right? And I usually notice that people who are super conservative about data privacy is the people like you're involved in cyber security. So I'm guessing you probably know something that I don't, that's preventing you from, that's why you're so conservative when it comes to your data and owning your data. Whereas I'm not, because maybe it's because I don't know something that you do. I don't care, man. I use Instagram and all that stuff's out there. what is it that you don't know, man? I don't even use it. That's a matter of fact. I'm not stupid. Who do you use on any social media? Who only use YouTube? I have X time. Oh, you have X time. I mean telegram, but that's all. So I'm actually curious about why. Yeah, so why? Why people not use it? Okay, so... If you don't want your hash key stolen. You don't want someone to steal your hash key. Again, again. It's a very simple way to be a profile of who that person is. And that's where when we put ourselves out there, we pretty much need to share the information about who we are. But if we don't put ourselves out there, OK, so this one brings out to how much time you have. We all have 24 hours of the day. which actually my entire team, they all know, I mean including all my friends also, they all know, I already mentioned this to them, I told them that we all only have 24 hours a day, let's just say if you only got 5 hours of sleep per day or 4 hours of sleep per day, you left 20 hours a day. Let's say if you minus 1 hour for breakfast, lunch and dinner, you only left 17 hours a day. That does not include your working hours. Your working hours would be 8 to 10 hours. That would be including computing. So you left several hours. You left several hours, you only left you minus one hour for a toilet break for the whole day. Okay? You left six hours. Six hours, are you going to socialize or are you going to lay down and keep quiet? Or are you going to interact with people because they found your profile online? They want to interact with you? Or are you going to just hit the gym and spend two hours there? then by the time, that's what you can sleep for four hours a day. But if you sleep for eight hours a day, your remaining balance is zero. So that means it's on no time. No, so if necessary, you put yourself out there. We need to be upfront to people who say that data don't get overwhelmed by the news. Because you see, on the phone we do have all the noise. But do we actually really filter out all the noise coming to us? The only way to filter out all the noise is don't read it, don't reply. Which is the case of don't read it, don't reply following. How about work? Can you don't read it and don't reply? And then you tell yourself that you need work, continue tomorrow. I mean, it's just a way that if you want to put yourself out there, you couldn't want people to keep yourself active. Because personally for me, even though I've been living in Singapore for quite long, I can still ad hoc living the US time zone. So it's a very interesting thing. So like example, one of you actually mentioned that you came to Singapore for one month. you'll be living in Canada right? So it's the same thing, I still catch up with my schoolmate in the US and beautifully is they replied me while I was sleeping but if I cannot sleep, I'll reply them but when they message me is when my sleeping time and if I don't sleep so it's a constantly 24-hour cycle already 24 hours cycle already. So like why do you not use searching media? No, I do, I do, I do, I do. But just that, why you talk about data is so important. How much do you want to put yourself out there? Because when you put yourself out there, you need to be able to accept. You have to be responsible for all these. Because I met a lot of my friends that actually say, I use a number of platforms. I don't reply number of platform then I don't know why do we use number of platform or I use number of platform to collect information okay fine, you want to collect information is fine but we just have to have a respect of people what is the purpose of collecting information some is they want to view the content so I understand that's why if you are asking me if you want to have all your data everywhere would see it as you have to be available for everywhere. But if you keep your data small, you will have your connection or your contacts smaller, but it gives your window of communication smaller. So for example, if I understand correctly, get yourself out of all the social media, but you put yourself on YouTube. YouTube might have your data, but social media not. But the question is, how is it going to connect you? If you have any? Don't. Why do you not use it? I think in all honesty, I've been on both sides. My friend is still paranoid. He's only on signal. He deleted everything before he went to the US because immigration was taking everything. So I think it boils down to personal preference on a very fundamental level. It's just a personal preference. But on the same point, it's about being security aware. You can put everything out there, but not your password. If your birthday is your password, then you're screwed. Someone can brute force you. So I think you need to balance. If you are security aware, you know what you're doing. But I'm just curious to see why the paranoia. It's a personal, just like introversion. I get it. I was thinking more about his question, which is I guess it depends on what is the purpose of life. Do you want to have communication in life? Do you want to have friends and relationships? Or do you want to focus your time on growing your wealth and status? Because you can think about, well, what do you mean by streamlining communication? Do you want to have less communication? Or do you want to have a more easygoing communication? Or do you want to have a more business communication? think it just depends on your preference. I think that AI is going to hopefully make us more human. It sounds crazy, but I think as we've had this past 50 years of dehumanization and going to this black mirror, this is the black mirror on your phone. So now we're on our screens all the time like this, on our phones and screens and stuff. But if you look at a chatbot, it's kind of like you're just chatting, you're just talking to I look at ChatDBT, it's just like a very smart person with access to a lot of information, right? So I think that you're gonna see operating systems become more human. I mean, the next operating system might just be a person, right? So there won't be a start menu, there won't be a desktop, it's just gonna be another person that you're talking to that just helps you do whatever you wanna do. So I could see that. So I think eventually we'll get back to a rehumanization society through technology I think the start is basically like a curse Because you're white coding and then you're just copying in English So you don't really have to type So right now we're just typing, right? But if you go back 100 years, how did people communicate? Mostly it was done face to face with another person So that's probably how it'll get to you So right now we're typing on a thing and then we're using our voice But then eventually the interface will just disappear and it'll just be another person talking to. And that other person will be like AI generated. It'll be talking to an AI person, but that person will be just as much consciousness as we do. Yeah, we have robotics, right? I'm going. I think it'll be digital. It might be like a 3D, or maybe like a VR, AR type thing. Either a hologram, or a VR, or even just on TV. But you're just communicating with this other person, essentially. Drugs. You mean Johnny Ive? Yeah, Johnny Ive, I think they're building something called IO. So it's basically a device that's, I think it's an on-year device, but it's just open AI on-year, I think. I thought you said context collection device here, but you're just collecting on-year. It's also going to be there in the system. They haven't figured it out with the whole form factory yet. I think it's still in R&D, but they want to launch it. And there's one more appendent, right? There's so many, they failed. They failed. They failed. They failed. They got bashed. But there is this pendant that's doing well. I forgot the name of it. It records audio and stuff. Yeah, it records everything, every interaction. But there's a limitation to what that hardware can actually record. I think that was something that I was very curious about their product. Then when I realized that their product itself, they are building a hardware, but it's technically a chat GPT. But what they are trying to tell you is, when you buy their product, you buy their hardware. But they give you a limited number of recording. But the rest of the plan will take to your chat GPT plan instead of such. you know, check GPT plan is out, subscription is out. So which is actually a very interesting model because they are actually selling your hardware, but they, back then they are actually tapping into the chat GPT. But, yeah. You see this model as the ordering. Huh? As the ordering? Yeah, exactly. Even the watch, what's that? Move. Move. Yeah. Maybe in the future we don't have phones, right? Agent, if they can, agent can execute our intent, then like, we don't really need of the hardware. This is evolving into an HCI discussion. We're starting to talk about human and computer interfaces. I think that's a little different from what that's about. But I do agree with you. You might as well throw Neuralink into this discussion as well. It might not need to be a Neuralink. It could just be a person on a TV. right? It could just be like, it's just like a person that you're just talking to, it looks like a video, or just like a real person, you're just interacting with them, and that's it, they just do everything. It doesn't have to be an AR, VR, or whatever, it could just be- But if it's about increase in bandwidth of communication, like, what would it nearly be like? I mean, I think that, yeah, eventually, but I mean in the near term, I think it'll just be like another person, either it's a flat version of them, and you just talk to them- You think down the line, it's still dehumanization though? I think that in the near term, it'll be like a flat version of that, but then eventually you'd be talking to a full 3D virtual representation of a person instead of having a user interface like we have now, like a star menu and Mac. I think people only care about the output, right? It's like when we're making a PowerPoint presentation, you don't really need to have all these slides. You just want to persuade someone with some idea you have, right? So I think that eventually that's what it would be. What is the most optimum way to have the final output? that's just person-to-person communication. So we will all, in the future, stand on our telegrams here. Then we just lie on the bed at home. It makes me feel so black. Yeah, the black people. Then we get block up. And then just become very afraid. You block your mom. Are you using Windows Mac? Oh, I'm using Mac. Actually, my personal computer Actually, I have my personal computer Mac, and then my personal computer Windows, and then I use my company laptop as Mac. So both sides are okay. When Windows 11 came out, I threw up. It's unstable to leave it totally. What's wrong with Windows 11? I don't know. They see what you see, they hear what you hear. I think it's called recall. Recall is something that they capture on the screen. even before that, the microphone already captured it. And what you type is already captured. It's inbuilt into the OS. That's why those who are aware, they are aware. But if they run by enterprise version, pretty much everyone is selling their data already. Only way possible, Windows allows IOTSE. I actually have this small group of friends who literally tell me say, Edward, anything you just SMS me or you call me. And then I literally tell them say, if I SMS you, how can I keep track of our history? Or if you change phone number, of our history. Oh, if you change phone, then why? It's okay, then we just SMS again. SMS cannot. Simplex. Simplex is the best one. There's one called Signal, right? Signal. You still need your phone number. Even simple X. Simple X. So like, will everyone here use like A2? Asian to Asian? You guys think? And you gotta think, as the individual privacy comes in. What is the actual final output that you get with that? So it doesn't matter. No, I'm just asking, what is the output that these things generate? We have an agent-to-agent communication, right? So you will receive a prompt. So your agent already communicated with all of us. And then the agent sends you a prompt saying, oh, you should meet these people, because you are interested in this VR game thing. he is building similar stuff with you. There's a collaboration. So can we meet this Friday? So the agent will tell you. A brief of this person and the meeting and the time. You just click like thumbs up or thumbs down. Agent to agent is hidden. Hidden, right? Infrastructure. We won't be aware of it. Facebook is actually, I know one of you measure I know one of you mentioned Facebook is leading to that dimension because they cannot get a lot of influencers to actually put their information there. They are copying the influencer background and creating an agent to manipulate the user on the platform to see that they are committing with them. And that is not only the photo, but pretty much the whole profile of the influencer. the influencer don't need to upload their data or their photo. Facebook just pretty much collect from all other platform. That's why it's actually, I am aware that the moving direction of the global is that they want to make sure that all social media, they need to know your identity. It's pretty much where they know your identity, is no longer free. You are pretty much telling them who you are. Recently when I read out the news from the US, in order for you to have a visa in the US, you need to put your social media to be public. In order for them to scan your profile about you, in order for them to give you a visa. So it never happened to me during my time, but right now, you imagine people are so actively on social media and possibly the person could be seller, could be viewer but you know when you put yourself out there when you pretty much open your profile up and government agency is looking at it and say oh this is this is ABC should we approve? should we not approve? no it's a very different shape of where we fill out the form this is who you are you declare as who are. Like pretty much what everyone did, you guys declare you're profile number one. But when you guys come here, it's profile number two or profile number three. So this is who we are as a human. But agent itself, it will be different really. It will be different depending on the situation. Superb. Don't go U.S. Yeah, I bet myself I'll go U.S. I mean, since you're on this door, Since we're on this note, let me show you guys this. This is a transparency report. You want to connect using your USB-C? So basically this is... You want to connect here? This is Meta's transparency report of the data that we gave to the Singapore government for the last six months of June to December last year. Last six months? So this is... Last six months? So META doesn't give a shit about the data. The government requested 1,356 accounts, and they gave out 84%. Sorry, sorry. You mentioned the legal process request. No, this is META's transparency. So basically, they assist in legal investigation there. Take the data. I mean, read it as what you will. But this is the stats that they gave out. So this was actually on META's transparency report. OK, go ahead and check it out. Most people don't care, I think. Most people don't care, but you can see, most people don't know, obviously. If the product is free, you want the product. So the thing is, in case we just give up our data like that, it means that they give up your data, they give up the chat history, they give up whatever you say, and vampire is linked to Instagram, WhatsApp, and whichever other platforms, right? So imagine if they can just give it up like that, They can do anything for you. So, the meta is the worst. Or, you can do Google, you can sanitize Google, you can sanitize... So, I actually asked my guy in the middle, it's like, how about, you know, Telegram, right? Because, you know, we see a lot of press releases about Telegram not releasing their data. So, he told me that actually, Telegram releases data, but they only release two things. They release your phone number, link to your Telegram address, and your IP address. So they don't release all encrypted messages within the ecosystem. So this is why countries like Vietnam, they still ban telegram because there's a lot of people who use it for the great industry, right? So they encrypt everything, but they still release those fax then, like the phone number and the user name type of it. So he told me, he has seen the telegram reports now. So if you guys are in the gray area, can still use Telegram or use Signal. Because Signal is pretty much encrypted. Because the thing is that you still need adoption, right? You cannot expect everyone to look up to you. So the thing is, so like, speaking of this context, so about adoption, AI to AI agent, the thing is that we are in this ecosystem, but majority of the people are not in tech. The majority of the people are not in AI. or even in IE. So how can the society adopt this sort of infrastructure? And then because as a human, we need to conform to whatever our society wants. So the thing is that even though we may use AI as an AI agent, it doesn't mean that the rest of the world will follow suit, right? So it really depends on how society looks. Do you want profile? You want ghost? But when you work, you are not ghost. Yeah, so that's what I've been doing. So my weekly profile is what I throw out there. So it's what I do on paper. You can just take a video of what I do. So everything on paper is just as you. But everything outside of paper is what we discuss in real life. So that is the way I go about it. Because I don't mind people seeing my weekly profile. Because that's what I do. And I want people to see that that's what I do. So that is why I use it as a bait, I guess. So this is something that I can share, because this is a closed group, but this is a real scenario, real case that I actually handled. So this person actually used a stolen credit card to purchase something, all within Singapore. What happened was that when we found out that the card was stolen, managed to purchase stuff, we reported to the police. And what happened next was the police lined up with us with the information that we shared and collected. The police actually reached out to the service provider because they can trace the location based on the IP address, based on the service provider that you are actually using. They know who is the criminal. They pretty much can lock that person up. Because all this information are all virtual. That's why I'm just saying that the fact to make sure all are virtual. That's why I'm just saying that the fact that even though we are within Singapore, but this is one of the real cases that I actually handled. Yeah, which is scary, but, yeah, Singapore is not ready. This is why I said the entire privacy is a joke. The government has, it's not just the government, you can see right, who has control of Singapore government, it's actually Israel. Is it real? Yeah. What happened? The cyber security side is all, the foundation is actually from Israel. They really focus on Israel. That's why you see, on the global scale right, That's why you see on the global sphere, Israel do whatever they want, they attack Iran, they attack their own people. We have to look at things. Because U.S. infrastructure is also based on Israel's technology. So they don't dare to actually step in. So Singapore cyber security technology also in Israel? The foundation is based on Israel. So Israel has a lot of established areas. I'd say common space groups should look up to think of Pegasus. You should look up the thing called Pegasus. Pegasus. Pegasus. What I can say is, I have mentioned the Pegasus one, so I won't say it twice. But yeah, there will be a lot of people from the same angle. And there's no wing on there. You should look up what Pegasus is about. But in short, just a text to someone is enough, you know what I mean? To what? Just a text to someone is enough, you know what I mean? It's extremely important. It's extremely invasive. It's really hard to detect. It's very hard to get rid of as well. It's an extremely effective tool. Most people use it, but you're really unaware of how many people use it. The data privacy thing, it's just fighting this crazy losing battle. Because it's like, you can't win. If the government wants to get your data, they're going to get it. So for me, I just don't care. As long as I don't kill someone or try take a bunch of drugs into the country, I'll probably be fine. If they want to find you, they're going to find you, right? You have to do this at some point, except I can't do anything. It's a threat model. So government aside, it's very difficult. For me, the one in the north, it's always more on the tech industry. I think it's like you only have so much time like in a day right it's like so part of the reason I don't vote is because like let's say there's like there's like a hundred million people right and like in a country let's just say it takes like just half a day for me to like go to the voting station and come back so that like half a day for me is like you know one divided by half of like 365 so that's like one in like 700 right so I've just done like one seventh hundredth of my time to have like a one and like 100 million impact You know, so it's just like the ratio is so bad that it's just like, why would I do that? You know, so I always try to focus my time on things where I know I have like a very high time versus impact. Okay. Actually are there like in the world, right? A group of people who are like nameless or they are, they have no trace. Like are there people there? Yeah, of course. Of course. But how do they maintain it? Like what kind of like, how do they maintain their, So I definitely do have a group of friends who are there. At least one of my friends pretty much left the whole technology world, lived in a farm. Literally growing their own plantation, their own fruit their own vegetables, their own crops. And we are with his wife and his son. Which country? Vietnam. Actually frankly speaking, Vietnam, Indonesia and Malaysia, and also Thailand is not difficult. Because in Indonesia, there's a decentralized community that they actually build up. city, this is a new city that they built up. I mean this was talked about in the Token 2349, that was last year. Indonesia itself do have rural city and those cities are not well developed and that's why a lot of them, they would like to the country and come over to... Can I connect with you because I want to do that... Go there. Connect, connect. Don't worry, don't worry. So, definitely there are a lot more questions. Definitely when we go to the next slide, definitely this... I mean, so yeah, so there's a lot of this kind of discussion. It's actually very, very interesting. It's very, very useful. But it's just a way that we as a human, where do we see ourselves? I mean, our neighbor country our neighbor country I think our neighbor country most of them they allot towards censorship except Singapore. Malaysia don't. Malaysia don't ah? But Malaysia very hard to get. Thailand also don't. Thailand... But a lot of people don't declare. Ah yeah yeah yeah they don't declare. So there are people who are moving towards those country outside of Singapore. Why? It's because of the privacy they are getting from here. Recently, we are talking about the crypto space, the Web3 space, heavily focused by MAS. MAS have a huge regulation that anything that is not regulated by MAS, they are not supposed to operate their crypto space, their Web3 space in Singapore. And that also eliminate those who have a couple with the platform. How can they deal with this? So I mean this is just one of those questions that I do get questions from day to day. Do your friend have like IC identity? He has, but because he leaves himself off the grid. Off the grid. Actually we planned cities. 85 percent of the population is going to migrate to urban area in 2030, just not too far, within 5 years. We are looking at all these guys are going to live in the urban city, 85 percent of the world population. If you see Mexico or if you see regulated population. If you are talking about Shanghai or if you are talking about New Delhi or if you are talking about this thing people are keep on coming in because it gives two securities actually people are living too much about last time people died in 60 years old now they are living until 90 years old or something. Retirement age just goes up and these guys want medical facility and confirm they will be connected to the grid some over other so this you are not going to eliminate anything actually if you are going off the grid you have to be in the grid knowing or unknowing that is what we plan actually I am one of the guy actually Actually, I'm one of the guys actually doing think tank process for city development. Around Asia actually. So the smart cities, they talk about smart cities. Smart cities means what? You are in the off or great. Everything is in the great. Digital nation. That's what they want you to know la, digital nation. That's right. You are definitely, you cannot be running out. And in China, you know that your cameras are very powerful, and you can capture the offenders at any point of time, you cannot take a high-speed railway if you are having some problems with the government. Or go back to the whole system that they are building up, the whole credit score. Yeah, yeah, yeah. the whole credit score. We all know what is coming because the whole credit score will come in. They are building up all these. All your credit scores is open. Everything is open. That's true, that's true. So if you say bad thing about any government, definitely your credit score will get lower, you can't commute, you can't move around and that's where they built the whole smart nation to have the 50-minute city. So you're all within the 50-minute city, whatever you can in the 15 minutes sitting, whatever you can do. Which is, it also give us the whole that you are not living in the jail, but you are living in the container. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course, yes. Why ask questions? Now nobody is asking that to show the passport as well. Your face is recognized in your canal. That's it. Finish your passport. I kind of want to go back to this. I mean, do you guys have more slides after this? No, no, no, yeah. you don't mind, I just want to ask a question. How many of you guys actually work in AI versus just people interested? A lot. I used to do AI, but now I'm just like a software engineer. I think almost half of them. Almost half of them. I just want to know because I don't want to sound like an idiot. Before you start vaccine-poetic. One of the things that we do a lot, we've been in this case for a while, is that we have conversations like these, right? You have like a talk, these debates, and one thing which came out consistently, and this is more directly to what's written on the screen, is you can talk about it, I don't want to, but philosophy as a subject has become way more relevant all over again, because you're going back to, like, the death of a ton of zombies. I'll give you a very good example. I think almost every discussion we've had is predicated on the fact that social media remains free. The moment it starts becoming a subscription tool, either because, let's say, someone like you is like, I don't think I'm going to come on, but I would never use it free. a lot of your ideal customer profiles, they're going to be redrawn all over again. So for example, you could look at your question to two very simple licensees, even though there are many more. One of them is like the Hermit to the extent of insane introversion. The other one is like, that's it. But my case is very extroverted. And that changes how you want to use this. So for example, you mentioned 100 years ago. So for example, you mentioned a hundred years ago, that reminds me of one Mark Twain once there. So Mark Twain has this really famous quote, which is, I'm sorry I wrote you a long letter, I didn't have enough time to write a short one. And that's very similar to what I have a lot of these injecting bots who will go and either write on behalf of you, or like summarize information, or like, I get tired of reading Twitter threads every day, because like the signal to my voice really sucks. So I'd use something for stuff like that. But at the same time, you're talking about clay portraits, right? There's also an actual tool called clay, I'm sure many of you have heard of it. We started using KLEI recently, and a lot of our sales teams use KLEI and it's really nice. But there's some conversations that you just can't make a bot do, because it just eventually starts feeling transactional and it becomes like this textual game of ping pong where two humans need to talk. The other one is how do you draw the balance in your life? Do you want to use this only for professional or transaction related stuff? So I think those boundaries are pretty relevant. Our personal opinion on this, because we're a pretty deep tech company. We do a lot of research. Even though we focus more on synthetic data and computer vision, most of the friends that we have all work in slightly more consumer-facing AI use cases. So of course, privacy is a big one. And the reason I spoke about philosophy is, if you look at how your questions are loaded, it's naturally a little more pessimistic or nihilistic, no offense. mean, that is pretty evident in how you phrase those, right? Which is, will it save us more time? Eliminating the need to socialize. It's kind of leading you to a certain direction, which is not wrong. It's just going to be super subjective. But our point of view is that before it goes that deep, you're going to start saving a lot of time first. And then it's going to become its own kind of clutter or its own kind of slump. And then you finally get rid of that. So at least that's how I personally feel about it. I don't think humans are going anywhere. Yeah, we could save a ton of time with a lot of repetitive transactional shit that you don't want to leave up. But do you want your AI agent to break up with your partner? I'm not so sure. That's my point, right? So there are things you want to avoid, but you have this moment that you're supposed to avoid. Awesome. And then there's stuff that you want to go over. Break up thoughts. I was an SS last week, and I was talking to this guy, and we did this. We were an SSR speaker, a commerce guy, and we did like this tech roadshow where like, you either buy goods or you bring your products, and like, everyone can talk. You can only talk shit about what someone else is building. But you leave it in the room and then you also have a pint. And when you go and have that drink, the first person to say agent has to buy around for everyone. Someone's building like a breakup bot, someone's building a pickup line bot, like, you know, there's all that shit happening. And then eventually everyone's like, you know, I would use that. And 99 other people are like, fuck no. Right? And people are like, fuck no. And every product had that. So watching some of the data that came out of that is very different. The way we think about ICPs today is going to fundamentally change the chipwriters on the ground. At least that's what we think about it. There's no form of billions at least for us. Actually, I lead about 3,000 people. Actually, I have to change my phones many times in the morning. Morning startup meetings, I cannot just use any board or any to use that actually. I have to analyze the situation immediately. Sometimes the drone crash or it will fly off, the client will be chasing, all this I have to put in mind and then I have to come up with some idea, talking to other peers to how, where is the machine, all these things we have to check. That kind of this thing I think leadership, anything is I think leadership, AI thing is not a leadership material actually. You can get an idea, that's it. Yeah, it's a very delicate human touch that you can't be replicated with AI. The situation is totally different. Actually, the batteries are gone, worn out or something. This training is not enough. I think you need to think with AI rather than replace the... Yeah, okay. Use it like a companion rather than... Yes. But how this basically you motivate someone to get things done right, sometimes you have to talk to your subordinates or someone to do this. How the AI can do that, I don't know. So pep-pop AI. So pep-pop AI, that's one, right? Very hard. But you know what, here's your point. That's going to come pretty quickly because the basic aid right now is partially we've seen before. And eventually you're going to have, your AI is going to learn you much better than your social algorithms learning you. But if you end up to a different place or my objective is one, this can lead to different places. It's going to be controllable with time and very fast. It's like what we have right now is still very early. So this kind of stuff is going to get really good for you. It's going to have less misses. It's going to be more aligned with what you're going to do. Actually, that guy go and sleep hard. He gets hacked by someone. I think what's going to happen, though, is at some point you're going to have a really great digital twin. And then not long afterwards, your digital twin is going to be more you than you are. Even myself, actually, I personally, if I join with some guy who actually influenced me, I will go for drinking for two days. after that whole progress will gone. Sometime I argue, two times if you argue with your peer two times, actually they found out about the progress is two, three days or one week gone. Enough problems are there actually. This all even yourself you cannot even control yourself. Even now, in Japan, there are ways to prove that the sexual swing or the girlfriend, girl, girl, all have huge impact on your research. But nowadays, they don't want to have that. Real, so real. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yeah, yeah, yeah. You have more of a passion than they do, right? That is where we're going. NSFW in Japan and you both have worries. of a much higher version. We think our consciousness is so great and special, it's not actually, right? It's not good. Because of the inside changes of these things, we have to think in different modes. Even if we have good research or bad research, we always take the thought it is a fate or something like that. These are all elements are not coming inside you. Actually, when you talk about A to A won't be an application. an infrastructure, right? What kind of infrastructure you are talking about? Or is it like a tech company, or is it government, or? No, no, no. A-to-A isn't so much like technology. It's just the communication. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's all. You won't see the person who is saying it's technology. Oh, OK, OK. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. True, true, true, true. Right, OK. Yeah, like a digitalized technology. There is an agent space here. I have an agent space here. Thank you so much. I have a question about the secretary. I'm not sure if I'm sharing this or not. I'm an MP at the top of the page, right? And I'm also in the committee. So I'm just working on a bit of enforcement. So I'm curious what happens when you're on the top of the page. How do you deal with having a duty as head of the committee? When you're not like a repressed, you route through the Netherlands. So is it like the one that you configure on your router? There's two things you need, either residential proxy or lower proxy. You need multiple proxy chains. One proxy is not enough. But if I know your final endpoint is your resident router, then I would know it's someone else's. No, but you won't use that elsewhere. You'll use the server's residential proxy anywhere else or anywhere you want to go. So that's how I can manipulate the traffic, or I can manipulate it. This is why I scale stuff things. But I can manipulate the traffic, I can manipulate where the data comes from. You are actually more safer in countries with less infrastructure because in countries with less infrastructure it is very hard to place an IP. Because they have like one IP for one city. IP is not enough. Please disable IPv6. Don't worry, they are moving towards that direction soon already. I know Simba is using IPv6 now. I know, yeah, but in your router... Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, when is the time before they try to reduce the list? Really good session. I feel like we get a lot of lessons. And then like Feng Shui AI, Pop AI. A lot of my interesting ideas. I'm looking for lawyers. I'm looking for a pro bono because I have a lot of scary things that need help. I do have like field lawyer friends. No, I need pro bono. Pro bono? Okay, okay. Because like the portrait value is like in the GNS, so I need to read a lawyer that can. That's contingency please, I don't think the bottom one is important. That's why I said it's up to the lawyer. So I need to read contingency please. But because it's between me and the lawyer, so I want to read contingency. Like you guys know that in the future right we can decide the topics that want to talk about in the future I think security like function AI or like pep talk AI or like you be eyes right universal basic income all this we can we can choose our own Oh topic. It doesn't work. Oh, it doesn't work. OK. Up to discuss. Yeah, up to discuss. And we can create a pool in the chat group for the next session topic. And then any kind of contribution are really welcome, like session leads or research paper that you want to discuss about, anything. And then we will have a shared database. So we will put our meeting minutes, what are the core things that we talk about, and then the AI tools that we want to build up. a list of AI tools that everyone wants to try. So you can add on to the database in the future. So you guys can feel free to join our secret club chat. Are we going to join you? Telegram. It's telegram. So this is one of the solutions that we think is safer. I was just joking. You can use Simplex. Simplex? Simplex is a good idea. Oh, you have? What are you doing? Oh, you have. So you will be an individual. In terms of what? In terms of what? Oh, is he? Oh. Oh, oh, oh. You know this word? Okay so we also have a very very short study that we want you guys to fill out like to get an idea what do we do what can we improve for the next session so we intend to hold another session next month as well. So we will discuss that in the group chat. So that's it for this session. Thank you, everyone. Let's take a good photo together. Sorry. Privacy. You help us to take photo. What are you doing? Let's go. three two one Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for coming. Thank you for coming. If you guys want any more food, feel free to take. Just give it for your breakfast. What? Actually, I ordered some food with my kids. This is the use point. Oh, okay, okay. I'm just looking at it very surprised. We got no more questions. No more questions. Okay, thank you, thank you. Gordon, thanks a lot for you. Thank you, thank you. I mean, was this you guys' initiative, right? Yeah, yeah. Man, thanks for doing this, dude. Like, it was like one of the most fun events I've ever been to. Oh, really? Oh, okay. I go to a lot of them. Nice to meet you. What's your name? Justin. Justin. I just realized but I think we are connected in thinking. We just we are connected. I think we are connected to each other. I don't know how to speak Chinese. I don't know how to speak Chinese. That's privacy and security. Because I'm just in the bad phase. Then maybe it just so happened that I found you and then I just went back. Always. I'm thinking always. Always. I'm thinking always in Chinese. Your ID is always in Chinese. name. But the English is okay, right? Yeah. That's good. That's good. That's how it is. I speak Chinese. I don't speak Chinese. I usually speak English. But in general, I speak Chinese. Thank you. Do you like the networking section? Yes. I feel like... They are talking about the wind and water. How do you feel about that? I think it's... I think it's... I think it's... I think it's... I think it's... I think it's... I think it's... I think it's... I think it's... I think it's... I think it's... I think it's... Even though I feel like I'm counting you, but I feel like I'm not the one who brought her in. That's how it is. She said that to you, and now you're going in this direction. What do you think of the event? It's good. It's good that you changed. It's a kind of wind and water test. Just in the bowl. You can grab. Just grab both. Can I give it to your family? How does it taste? It's too big, don't know why. Oh really? You can ask me. We're clear. We're clear. What do you think this is? Who did it? We did it. I'm afraid there's another person who did it. Yes, we were standing here just now. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing here. Yes, we were standing I think in 14 hours, you need to spend about $100-$100. You need to go to a restaurant, rent a place, or participate in events. We have events every month, but not necessarily in one place. I think this place is not bad. But if there are too many people, it's a problem. It's just the right time to get in the plane. I'm like that too. When there's a lot of people, it's very dry, but it's still tight. Isn't there a lot of seats? No. And you're the one who sent us a message today. Yeah, it's you who sent us a message. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was thinking about it. I saw that message. We're a group of people. Because we know we can't take too many people. So we have a... We have a fan club in Shanghai. We have a fan club in Shanghai. We have a fan club in Shanghai. We have a fan club in Shanghai. We have a fan club in Shanghai. We have a fan club in Shanghai. We have a fan club in Shanghai. We have a fan club in Shanghai. We have a fan club in Shanghai. I will be very happy today. I am a kind of extrovert. Extrovert? Yes, extrovert. Oh, I can talk. I can talk to you. And then you want me to come and try to send that message to see if I can come in. That's great. Great. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I just want to build a platform like this. Yes, yes. Actually, the reason is that everyone wants to learn. And I feel that when you look at the development of AI outside, you can't keep up with it. Yes, yes. So we want to have this platform. Yes, I think the best thing about this is that you share your experience with AI. But the only obstacle for me is that sometimes I don't understand what you said. but I can't find it. I don't know how to type it, so I can't find it. I might want to explain it later. It's okay. The good thing is that we just recorded the second part, and we want to transfer the audio of the meeting to the second part, and we'll send it to the group chat. That's great. I'm still thinking. I'm actually thinking if I should record it in the middle. But I'm like, I don't know if I can record it. I don't know if I'm going to win, but I'm not sure if I'm going to win. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But I feel that you guys are a bit too close to each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. It's just that you are interacting with each other. The things that I just showed you all want to go in that direction. Because the demo that I just showed you is not a telegraph message or something like that. It's just a daily record, right? But the AI model that I'm using is CHBG's. So when you look at the two AI's, when they're talking, they don't look like me and my mom at all. So we want to see if we can use the MiVo technology to make it more like us. So I think that is the direction we want to go in the future. The MiVoT you mentioned, is it like you? No, the MiVoT is an external device. You can call it Miniverse. Is it a founder? Miniverse is a company. So you can call it MiVoT. Ah, right. And they also sell the MiBot. And then you mentioned the Superstar, the house owner went out and he made another one, a more work-like one. It's kind of like the one in the studio. You can call it a tanker. Ah, right. I want to see it. Let me show you a tanker. Wow, I think it's very attractive. Let me show you the tanker. So it's like this. Ah, there's also the CRM, the Personal CRM. Oh, that one is clear, that one is clear. Yes. And then, ah, The good thing is that you can go back and look for the person who did this and they will scan your contact and they will tell you that this is the person. So you can communicate with them. Yes, because you need to know the person's name to know what he is doing. But you can't find the person who is doing this. There is a wrong way. There is a wrong direction. It's like I'm in this group, right? They sent me a lot of messages. Then I can just make an e-mail and they scan me. Then they reply to me. What is this? Dengar. It's that Dengar. I was just collecting it. How can this be? Dengar. It's P-A-N-K-A. K-Kengar. Yes, Dengar. Yes, this one. I've been collecting it but I can't find it. What is this? E-I-G-O-B-O-N-D-E-R. Yes, it is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. This is really good. This can keep you going. Because before, before I participated in APAC, in 2011, there was a repo. I don't remember the name of the repo. This is a home currency repo B. He's running a conference here. And I was thinking about what kind of conference it was. He showed me something called Verso. You haven't heard of it, have you? Verso, V108 Verso. I think that software, the AIQ, is really powerful. It can help you create a website, and I think it's much better than the image design. So I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I Because many things can be solved. Even girls don't know that these problems can be solved by him. So I feel that if I learn a lot here, I can learn a lot of AI. But for me, the biggest problem is that my English is not so good. So I can't speak a little better. Because AI is slowly coming. Yes, yes, yes. But I feel that if I do a lot of AI, I will be able to understand it more clearly. In the future, in the future, when you come, you come first and then we will give you a place. I will give you a place, an AI place. Wait a minute, when we do this summer, you can do it yourself. Wait a minute, we can do the summer, you can do the summer by yourself. I think this is better. What? Summer? We have that. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. TransQ. Because he said that he is also doing that kind of thing. His main job is to do that. I think his other character is a bit like, how to say, special. He knows AI technology, but his job is to control water. Just saying. I heard that he said, I heard that they can use AI to calculate the numbers without having to learn the numbers themselves. Yes, yes. You don't have to learn the numbers by yourself. Because I know that there are Chinese numbers, right? You have to learn by yourself. Otherwise, you have to spend money to learn. Now AI can do it. Yes, yes, yes. And then, there was a person who said that you can scan the numbers. You scan the numbers? Yes, yes. And then, he said that this represents what? I don't know if you have heard of a company called Big Name? Big Name There is a company called BigMap. BigMap? BigMap. And it's in the middle of the continent. Oh, BigMap. No, actually we are doing a Google Currency mining. Mining? Mining. And now we are taking the direction of our mining to the AI data center. Ah, yes. So this is more challenging. Yes, because you see, Google Currency Bitcoin, every 4 years it will see the reward, right? And we think this business model We feel that this business model should not have any change in the future. We have a lot of combination of resources. We can make it into an AI computer. Can make it into an AI computer. I am just a software engineer. I have created an AI-related project in Singapore. I want to come back to this AI space. Eli's space. How did you get to know Sanwa? He's in my office. You're colleagues? I used to sit behind him. But we're the first different colleagues. You used to work in the same company, but then you moved to another company. No, we're the same boss, so we're in the same office. It's amazing. Although it's a different business, we're in the same office. It depends on our boss. You have to look at our words. Yes. It's possible. Wow, that wind and snow AI is really good. It's a quick way to create your replica. Instead of just you type type type, lack of motivation. But then the wind and snow AI just create it. It's a good way to make the foundation more open in that way. Yes, yes, yes. It's just that they have that kind of thing that you need to pass on your information. you can do a replica. If you are drinking water, you can directly share it with others. That's right. It's very simple, right? Birthday, your horoscope, your MBTI, and numerical numbers, all together. Although it doesn't have the exact data, it can know what the world is going to do to me. Tomorrow cannot move on. Tomorrow can I go to Paris to buy a car? Imagine you can get a car that has a good intention, right? If you tell him you want to do this, he will tell you no, you can't do that. Because you can't earn a lot of money. And he gives you emotional value. So everyone is willing to pay emotional value to buy a car. That's the kind of thing. That's why fortune has a billion dollar in it. Because people love to hear this kind of thing. I love you here in Taiwan. It's a very good angle. Yeah, it's a very good angle too. Your personal life-long brother. Your boss. Your boss. Your boss. Your boss. Your boss. Your boss. Your boss. Your boss. Your boss. Your boss. Your boss. Your boss. I think a lot of people will like it. It doesn't matter if it's not accurate. Because it's fun. My love will always be my love. And then that breakup.ai is also very useful. Breakup. You have to break up. So AI will help you break up. You break up? Why? I think you guys are really good at it. After watching our video, I think both of us are good at it. You are good at it. He is good at it. It's so funny. It's so funny. It's so funny. It's so funny. It's so funny. It's so funny. It's so funny. It's so funny. It's so funny. It's so funny. It's so funny. It's so funny. It's like... Who's who? It's like... It's like... It's like... It's like... It's like... It's like... It's like... It's like... It's like... It's like... The one we brought to you is a little bit more expensive. Yeah, yeah, it's a little bit more expensive. I can't really get it. We'll try it. Nice to meet you. My Chinese is not that good. Because the company I'm working in now, my colleague's show is in Beijing. After two years, it will be better. A Chinese student from Chicago. I'm a Chinese student in Singapore. I can speak to you. I know, sometimes you guys can speak to each other, but not too much. I've met people who can speak too much. Our vocabulary is not that good. It's like, I can, I can. But we have to fake it first. It's a bit difficult. It's the same as you. I can also speak to you. We don't know each other. I'm just worried about you. What do you want? Oh, I asked you. You say like, feel free to say. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. My name is Gordon. My family name is Gordon. My family name is Gordon. My family name is Gordon. My family name is Gordon. My family name is Gordon. My family name is Gordon. My family name is Gordon. My family name is Gordon. My family name is Gordon. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. This is such a big event, I'm sorry. Yes, she is like Yu-kun. Yu-na? Yes, she is like Yu-na's English. Yu-na, Yu-na, Yu-na, Yu-na-si. And the three of us want to meet her. Are you talking in Singapore or in Dubai? In Singapore. Last year in Singapore. Last year in Singapore. Last year in Singapore. Last year in Singapore. Last year in Singapore. Last year in Singapore. Last year in Singapore. Last year in Singapore. Last year in Singapore. Last year in Singapore. Last year in Singapore. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. Nice to meet you too. Do you like it? I think it's not bad. You guys know what's next. It's an interesting area of the guy's process as well. The always on the system. You know the Her movie? Yeah, the Her movie. Who's talking about that? Her is the director. Your company's products are from the same company? Yes, we are from the same company. You are from the same company? Yes, we are from the same company. You are from the same company? Yes, we are from the same company. Oh yeah, you just mentioned it. Sorry, sorry. Hi, how are you doing? Can I help you with the project? Yes, yes, you go. You go to the QR code. And then you come in, right? We'll share information with you. And then we will keep the details. And then we will send out the details. Okay, wait up. What's your name? Are you based in Singapore? Yes. Then you'll be here next time, right? If I'm not wrong... Wait, if I'm not traveling. Traveling is actually from? Camera got a standing pose. At any point, I'm impressed from level 2 to level 3. We're going to discuss a place called the Ben Cronkite. Yeah, you look like a Ben Cronkite. But it's a bit weird. I remember there was a chibi. Ah, a chibi. Thank you so much. Thank you. Why didn't we use Eventbrite in the end? I think there's a reason. What's the reason? Because Eventbrite doesn't allow you to serve it. So when you applied for Luma, we didn't ask you questions. But you can't serve Eventbrite. But do you know what Luma is for? No, no. It's for free. No, no. Since yesterday, we had an idea. You want to work with us? Yes, because we are everyone's investor. I said we can't serve it. I said I would rather use Luma. I suggested using Luma, and my supervisor said that Luma needs to be paid. I was also very confused. I remember that Luma doesn't need to be paid. So I can say that Luma doesn't need to be paid. There is a premium version of Luma. There is a version that says that you need to pay for your own Luma. But this version is not paid. Uh oh, I think Yao Yao. Oh, I think you have to... Wait a minute. Okay, we'll do it ourselves. And then we'll put the url here. And then my mom has a... That... You're in a... You're in a Singapore Collector. And then you can transfer your link. And then she'll calculate your... You can send your link to them and they will help you. They will help you put your link in front of them. You don't need to pay? No need. But there are so many events, why don't you pay? There are several participants in your event. If you have more than 10 participants, it's okay. That's okay. It's already good enough. Oh, thank you. Yes, I found it on his SNS. Yes, yes, yes. In fact, they put a lot of details. Say, it's best to have a lot of people. Then you have to do your own marketing. But you don't have to care about them. I just want to see how they will accept it. Right? Yes, yes, yes. It took a lot of time. It took about four weeks. Then we started to work on some projects. Every week, we would make some plans on where to start and what projects we would like to present. Each one of us would choose one project. For me, I didn't know what project I was going to do. I just made a presentation for Camry. There's a brand called MMEI, right? I like that brand myself. Wow, I've heard of it. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard of it too. I've heard I tried my best I tried my best I tried my best I tried my best I tried my best I tried my best I tried my best I tried my best I tried my best I tried my best I tried my best How do you like the game? I feel like your... your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- your- For your current goal, are you doing the technical stuff as well? Technically, no. What do you mean? Who's under our AI? Your AI? Are you doing the technical stuff for the AI? Yeah, I'm doing the development for the AI. As I was telling you, I'm doing the second plane and the digital twin. Digital twin is easier. But we need the second plane to keep it in direction. Actually, I'm impressed with that thing. It's your project. I already like it. Is your project already live? Oh yeah, halfway. Halfway? Are you doing your EI on the edge, or are you doing it in the top? No, no, no. That's why I took so long, because I need to keep my own server. So it's a self-hosted server? Yeah. Now it's GPU poor, slowly, but at least to pass out the thing first. Oh, so it's basically like you just use the GPU? Yeah. One server, I just use API for my system, I connect to the other system. So one for video, one for language model. Have you talked about how do you scale your images? Like for example, are you deploying like modest improvement servers in order to like improve the overall use? Yeah, because... it all depends on the model now. If I have to do model for my initial assessment, if I only need to do anything that is intelligent to the face, no choice, maybe we have to do the reasoning model. But the reasoning model, now you need at least 30 to something million for a model which is unique. My goal is not to scale it forever. My goal is everyone should have their own But where do you intend to like... Like in their own device? Yeah, it's all like their phones. The phones are a little bit up now, the modern technology. But now, the AMD has just... It's like a... That one is equivalent to I think the 4090 or 3090 and they are... have about, they can do about 40 overgauge VRAM. So with that VRAM, you can, if you choose a model, rightly you can have a few models. They install a model in their PC. Yeah, the new AMD is like Apple. They have, maximum is 138, but you can install a half model. But it's not you, you and I. But it's not you and I, it's not unified memory. So they cannot do like Apple. I'm using quantized memory. Because if you don't use quantized, it cannot be unified. So I'm experimenting. I try to use quantized 8, but I think quantized 4. But if you use any model, try to use the biggest parameter. lower quantized, rather than lower parameter, highest quantized. Because parameter is where the intelligence is at. It depends on the key. Without GPU, I think you must have at least a hash well or a block well. That means the CPU should have an AVIX2 instruction set. That means hardware encoding, hardware metrics. So far, all the pieces I do, So far, all the PC I do, actually my initial intent was to run the CPU. So I chose this one such that if you were to use a Haswell CPU about 10 years or more, like 2015, if you run 7,000,000 miles per meter, I think you can get about 15,000 per second depending on the model. It's very good, obviously. Okay, for example, the stuff that I said just now, right, that need to be improved and you try to get insights, right, it doesn't have to be real-time. It can be slow. But LLM can do it. And also, depending on what you want to do, if you use CPU, there's a project by Mozilla called LamaFile. LamaFile is like, you know, in Windows or whatever, so that everything will be one file. So they put everything into one file. All the dependencies, everything. So I like that a lot. Because once you have this, you integrate with your language model, it doesn't depend on dependencies. So let's say five years from now, even if you change your level, you still contain within that file itself. If you were to, because one problem with the solver is you can't see. One problem with the software is dependency. Dependency is a big problem. So, let's say you do your language folder now, but maybe two years later, they change their dependency, you cannot run. Do you mean as in like the foundation folder itself? No, no, no. It's the libraries. The libraries. That's not like we have the, you know like in Python, let's say Python, we have the virtual environment on it. Then we lock the dependency. It will lock the dependency. But can you pop me out the whole thing into the environment? From what I know, when you create the merchant environment, you actually download the entire thing. So that model is quite large in size. So what happens is sometimes I go modify the code inside. Like as a form of monthly patching. So if we can do that, then you can run it anywhere at that time. It will lock the dependency. So the payment is in such a form, so I've been thinking about this. And even for example, if you package this in the file, you put everything inside the container and the vector container are not clear. Because the doctor still has dependency. So if you have an environment where you lock everything, it's one file inside. So it's important for like accessories or what I'm doing. It's very important so that the dependencies cannot depend on dependencies. And not only that, it's not llama file. Actually, people, this data like this, because they, the magic manipulation, they optimize it. such that depending on signal, it can run five to three hundred times better than... Is it the alpha tensor? No. Not that one? No, no, no. Because it's a metric manipulation, they try to... This is a suit mathematics, so she's able to manipulate the matrices, how they do the... manipulations. It's just like when DeepSick, when they did DeepSick itself, they actually, that lead is that good. I was reading the paper, don't know how they optimize. Is it a training technique? No, no, no, not really training. The training technique is one. But then they also change the algorithm inside. Because like the multi-head essentially Because the multi-head extension, instead of using multi-head extension, I think they use one so that they can cut down the split or they can cut down the propagation. Thanks for reminding me, I actually haven't met people. It's so deep, but at least you meet certain criteria. You talk too much at GMT, you make it dumber. Excellent to meet at Farah. Dumber, right? Actually, one more thing. I kind of like what you mentioned just now about whether you should fine-tune or reset the whole training, the whole budget. But for your case, you experimented with going through. Oh, you haven't yet? Because I don't have the heart rate. Don't have the heart rate. Because I don't have the hardware. Hardware. I don't have the GPU. Hardware. Hardware. Hardware. Because I need multi-GPU. Oh no, actually not. If I need more, I can use one. You can use one GPU 24K. But I haven't get to the stage yet. Because I still have to evaluate the motors for the intelligence. I have to evaluate the models for the entire game. But the models I choose can be very good. You said like the GPU right? Like you buy yourself or you just like buy, use services online? No, I never use services online. Oh, you actually buy the... I actually buy the thing and I don't buy new la. I just buy second hand. All my workstation is a 10 year old one so it's okay la. But it's hard to scale. Hard to scale. It's hard to scale. It's hard to scale if you don't build it on top. No. My purpose is not to scale. My purpose is individual person using it. It's not for mass. Then actually you said like individual music. So like everybody will go through the training. Their own mother like that. But how do they go about doing it? For everybody? That is one I have not... Have not encountered. Either they have to or someone has to do it for them. What's the problem if someone has to do it? or someone has to do all that. But the problem with someone having to do it is privacy issues. Yeah, that's the thing. Because you already put your stuff in the HAD. Then if you want somebody to do it right, then it's away from the device. No, no, no. You need to put your data to do the same. But not only that, because I didn't really elaborate. But what I want to do is phone voice, phone face, phone, everything. So people are deep fake type. And deep fake, for everything, so deepfake type. Deepfake, you cannot use any online, has to be self-assertive. Nowadays, you cannot get online because of the alignment, because of censorship. You cannot, the only, you can do like pay swap, and then it's only now the Chinese order. But they also, when they come out, you must quickly do, because after that, will take away. So, defect is not in the negative sense. Defect cannot do any other than the sample. No choice. You said you're trying to solve that issue. I'm trying to think about it also. Let's say you have people that are personal models. How do you know you must be true? How do you train for that individual? No, but if I'm doing for ancestor already, the guy died already, so you... Oh, there's no more data, no more HR data, right? Oh, then that makes sense ah. So, if you really want to add data, then you do that, well, no choice. My one is, I try to, like... Because this one, I also... was listening to some people doing this. Because right now, they have a problem. When you do continuous training, they find that forgetting is a long-term injury. The continuous training can cause a cast-off. Forgetting, that means what you do long-term memory is forgotten. So that's why in continuous training, your model can get dumber. So that's why the rack is still needed. I think I get what you mean. That happens if you only train on the new data, but you don't touch the old data, right? Even if they say they freeze the layers, they only train the second layer. train a certain layer, but they find out that it's not true, you freeze this data, they don't forget, they forget. Then, I also agree that people try when the Llama 3.2 came out, people, when people try to train, they have problem training. Llama 3.1 is okay, 3.2, 3.1, they can train without problem, without problem in the sense that There's no problem in the sense that the model becomes more popular. But 3.2 or 3.3, actually only one, the 70 billion. But 3.2, people try to trade out, have problems. So I think they have to do some work around the world. What work? I haven't got to say here. Too much thinking. What? Have you ever seen the people trying to keep the model inside the fold? Inside the fold? Yeah. Not yet. inside the folder, not yet. It's impossible. Because right now, the best way, they already come down to the stage where you can train your data with one GPU and slot. There's only a few, not only a few, there are a few popular libraries. One is VLM, one is Unslot. Unslot is And slot is more for the GPU power, or not big scale. So they train quantizer here. So you can actually train if you have the GPU. But you take time. No, it will come down. Because nowadays, the models are getting more or less as matter. Then I think the strength is now now we use the data so that it's specialized. If it's for general use, then we can read together. Maybe you have very good expertise in real-life tools to write a one-pager of the sound. Think about doing that. Yeah, so like one direction that I'm trying to keep is that even just now you couldn't present about the new box, right? you know, like issues, whatever. This could be one. Yeah, just on the first one, right? Yeah, that one is like, it's a direction that we are trying to take, but then we are thinking, we can do it in a larger scale. Because for now, it's like, you have your own agent, but then you craft your own agent based on your data. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then we are thinking, why is it safer to replicate that infrastructure and then multiple of the agents communicate about each other. Just as the whole training aspect would be a bit easier, because you are actually catering to every system. No need. You don't actually need to... Okay. You investigate turbo CPP. It's ultimately of the llamas. It's often did of the Lamas. Yeah, and this, they use this for Digital Girlfriend and that one. Because that particular one, they have it such that because they need to interact with each other, so they put personality and things like that. So you can use the personality file for this. Then you don't need to train them. Oh, so it's like an applet. Yeah, it's an applet. It's like a template. Yeah, it's a template. It's like, inside your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... your... so you don't use up your context line. Actually, it's not a very brilliant idea. It's basically like, instead of trying to train the more-than-heavy Levi, why not train to generate a prompt that suits your character? That's why, for me, I think, because I'm more partial, so I can use the person, birthday or birth, generate the personality of that person, use that as the person of material. It's really not about parts, because I've realised that there's different types offering like the parts collection of those right. Actually, which one is the correct one? Or sensei mode? It depends how they program. Actually, parts don't really need AI. A lot of times, it is rule-based. But if you use lunch, then you can query. If you use lunch, you can talk to other people based on the data. Which one is correct, I cannot tell you. Because it depends on the person who program. Even different person have slightly different way of doing. So it's just like LLM, they have different system. As long as we can tell you, usually puzzle will be good for puzzle. The puzzle will be good for the past. The future is also good. So basically, it's good that you can verify the past. It's easier to view the past. Actually speaking of that, I also have a conversation with my colleague. He told me that by knowing somebody personally, and what eventually, you can be the best engineer in this building. It's very fun. Maybe with AI, because the combination is good. Is it like a side passion? No la, I think it is. Is it like a side pressure? No la, I think it's inside la. It's inside la? Ya, because since young, I really interested in design, but no master. Until I meet my master then, I switch wrong. So you go through like a course? Ya, ya, ya. So do the photo voting la. Actually, now ah, because the generation is changing ah, do you think people will still believe in themselves? Actually, yes. A lot of the older people develop, but now leh, like... No, now... No, now actually the many younger generation are here with it. Maybe partly is because of uncertainty. So this one is like, you have them point in the direction. A lot of them you cannot really predict the future. It's like quantum physics. You can only do what you know, but you don't know when. You know when, you don't know what. got it, got it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There are different possibilities. Yeah, so you can do a general direction, but a specific path. Possible, if you can do... Okay. Defend on system. There are systems that can do like 85% accurate. But if you point it in that way, then it will change. So, we like a system. where the accuracy is not so high, but you can change. If there's a possibility, you can change. So you want accurate, you cannot change, or you want less accurate, but you can change. Actually, you want more real, flexible. Actually, I have another talk. I think this one is a bit more... I feel like this one is a bit more innovative in a sense. You know how Asians communicate with each other in English? Sorry? Asians communicate with each other in a certain language, the human readable language, because they are trained. You think it takes too much effort to convert into human readable language, but in fact they can communicate with another language. All the places that are very interesting. We used to communicate telepathically. to make it telepathic. Yeah, I was thinking like Asian instead of them trying to come up with an English word just because to cater us to our understanding. Is it any other complication that Asian can do with each other? But I think the Asian... Like for example, they just stuck to each other in the embedding. Then afterwards, when we come up, we want to see what's going on, then we translate. So it saves a lot of effort. There's a couple of places out when they actually tried to code in the life-changing mode. Their language is actually not English. Their language is their own language. Yeah, yeah. It sounds like this. You just let them do their own thing. But the problem is, cannot. Then you convert their language into your language. But they have their own site. Unless you know, cannot convert. You cannot convert, right? No. Cannot convert. Cannot convert right. But I think that's an interesting thing. Because the large-scale model bit is based on neural networks. So neural is a black box. It's not deterministic. It's probabilistic that's only for small numbers. Wow, I think that's an interesting problem. Thanks so much for live talking. It's interesting lah. I guess not. Interesting la, so I can see a bit. I find this needed, so that's why I touch it, no choice. I was actually web-free, I was very interested in web-free, but then after I seen when OpenAI came out, this one was good. Everybody was like trying to put the FOMO in, but it's a very good FOMO actually. You keep thinking that, but actually what if I'm really late, it's really the bubble is going to burst, but I don't know. Barber is one of the first of its kind. But I don't know, we are just a big thing. Yeah, we are just a big, big thing. But actually, just to sum up what you were saying, actually it is out there already, just that, too much data. What I was saying, actually, those people who really need it know. It's like, I mean, another thing is like, because the AI is helping us so much, almost to the point that I feel we are reaching, like, an end. We are reaching an ideal generation instead of technical generation. It's like, I come to my PM, he said that meta is played by the PM are expected to deliver the coding results instead of the developers. And then a company trying to hire for PM. I feel like product managers. If you look at product managers, it's almost like you just need somebody to bridge between the customer and the needs. I feel like we are moving in this direction. If you are based on budget, our budget is more on money. Before us means at least a few directions. Power, control, Now it's shifting to creativity. The more creative you are, the more efficient you are. The budget actually tells you. That's where the whole generation is moving to. After this creativity, I don't know, maybe at last, After this creative year, I don't know, maybe in the next 50th generation, you go back to self, everything self-invented. Are you working with other people? OMO. One man operation. One man operation. No, I'm not doing it for much, but I have to do this to a purpose. I need to at least duplicate myself what I want. What I have, I try to. I feel like there are millions of people in Singapore. I think that the people who want this, everyone pays the same price for it. Once they just work and then they work based on the time and then they get the money based on the time. And then once they retire, then that's it. And once you retire, right, then the record is hung at you everywhere after you left. It's not only that your experience is gone, and if you put it into yourself, it will take everything. So my first is for individuals to fight and capture their own experience. They need to do their own so that they can make them themselves or sort of pass them up. It's not easy, especially because if you want to build it has to be, the model has to be some intelligence. But deep thinking, they are a good algorithm because with the reasoning, it gives the intelligence to watch level. So now I'm waiting for a better model. The rest like coding voice, all these standards, you just need to glue it together. hardware is the limitation. Every time we release a new model, because you didn't know how it could become so much faster than before, right? Yeah. We need to look at it right now. Correct. Not only that, a lot of people don't care. Because I have the GPU, so when I load the model, I see the power usage. Very different. The new model, you can see, I think they never use all the layers. So you can see, the power spike goes like that, the older model, the lead up already, the same prompt in, the power zero serves the almost maximum all the way around. So you can see the tension layer, or the lead, either that or they try to only use the different layers for different purposes. You can see the difference, I was looking at some model I was looking at. How can I see the power difference? It's like a magnet. No, no, no. It's like utility, like enemy power. You can also do like an enemy power. Oh, okay. You can make the power when you do the inference. When you do the inference, you can see the difference in power. So I'm just wondering, some model, I was just wondering, some model is good like fucking others, and some model has really power usage, because it's the same problem. Also, it's different model creates different... Yeah, I think it's the algorithm, which is how they train for what algorithm to use. And they optimize it such that for maybe for power usage or for different layer some model they never use all the layers they only use some layers out of the whole thing so they propagate up but the older model this is it everything so the power usage is quite something there's something in it like that that's a very interesting I didn't know that how come the power like that It's very interesting automations actually. You say one is like trying to take a break after drinking a bit, then you do a kick. Because for me the power of the water must be here. It keeps moving. Otherwise you will both kick or you will shut down or something. I hope every day someone ask you to wake up, turn on, see what's happening. So you have like new status of your channel? Not really lah, actually YouTube always have the one Then X also, they follow up you ah, they always give you Even if you don't follow ah, they will give you the new, the new thing what is coming up here So you catch on some, some things ah, you know, I don't care But some of you catch because it's needed for your own video Actually I like the YouTube ah Because for now my source of information is LinkedIn right So every time when people talk right I say, eh this is interesting But I'll keep it somewhere first I don't want to read first Because too many words Then I'll always keep it to somewhere And then eventually I'll never read like this Just like YouTube, you can just listen Then you force yourself to finish that video So it's like one chunk of the story Actually, we use a PKM to communicate and listen up And then we use a super motion or those things You mean like the AI feature of Notion? No, no, no. Just write down. So, I switched to Obsidian. Obsidian? Oh, I heard about that. Longset. Same, it's a markdown. So, now I switch everything to markdown. I don't use Docs and whatever. So, anything, especially YouTube, like Obsidian, they have a plugin where you want to save, you just press the button, you have to save. whole not script, but whatever they put into their description. At least it's there. Then if you want to scrap, you can scrape. And I will also use another very powerful tool. It should be Mexican fabric. Prom fabric. Not Microsoft fabric. I think it's framework of Fabric. What they basically do is together, he himself writes, they call it pattern, pattern is actually prompt, then he crowdsource a lot of people. So with that, you can actually scrap, let's say YouTube URL, Scram, let's say YouTube, like URL. You give it URL, then you put in whatever you want, like do summary. So they will go to YouTube, go through all the YouTube, then surprise you. Gordon is 11. 11, yeah. I wish you luck. It's a good sign. It's a good sign. It's a good sign, it's good, yeah. Nice to meet you. Thanks for inviting me. Yeah, sure. Next time, next time. I'll see you the next time. Yeah, yeah. Good stuff. Nice, nice. Yeah, yeah. Good stuff, huh? Nice, nice. We should go sleep first, yeah. We will do a clean up first. We will do a clean up, yeah. Oh, no, no, we can do it, yeah. We can do it, we can do it. It's okay. Please rest, please rest for the time. Yeah, yeah. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. You guys, take care. That's all we can change. That's all we can change. Okay. You can take this one. Do you want to give one book? I'll take one. I'll take one. I'll take one. I'll take one. I'll take one. I'll take one. I'll take one. I'll take one. You are inside the group chat right? You message him up. Okay, I don't say anti-vaxxer, but they know what we do. Ah, thank you, thank you. Oh, you can do that. Oh, okay, okay. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Bye bye. 3, 2, 1. 3, 2, 1. 3, 2, 1. Okay, thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you for staying here. How do you put this exactly? Put it at the side right? I remember there's a chair here Actually it's okay, it's okay Oh okay, just put it down Yeah, it's fine, it's fine. Almond, you keep going, I want to ask a question. Oh no. Don't worry, don't worry. The back is yours? Huh? The back? Yeah, that's mine. Oh, that's yours. Okay. Okay. Thank you, thank you. Yeah, that's all. No ah, this one has our name already. Oh, okay, okay. Let's go, let's go together. Let's go together. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, cool, cool. Which one was it? Yeah, yeah, yeah, correct. Which one was it? Is it the one open? The white one? Do you remember the other one? It's still red. What? It's still red? Yeah. Actually, it's a bit hard. It's a bit hard. Thank you, Karen. Thank you. It's a bit hard. 3 hours Two hours.